Chapter 1: Lilith
Chapter Text
As a girl, Kuchel was too pretty for her own good. It got to her head. She fell in love with her reflection, made friends with powders and rouge and tied ribbons in her hair. Everyone harbors a secret hatred for the prettiest girl in the room. A room more often than not in the loins of the underground where it’s always midnight, hair over her shoulder like rapunzel as someone bought her rounds of plum ale until she melted. Lips over her ribs in worship and foolishly she felt powerful. She sold her body ‘cause it was all she was worth.

 

A patron is between her legs. Kuchel barely senses a drag inside her. His penis is short and stout, a soft punch to her organs. It is not so bad. A millipede wriggles through the sodden wooden boards on the roof. She could hum a song to the steady creak of the bed frame. Sometimes she dreams of a better life, one where she patches holes in denim, fingertips pin-pricked from needles, but this is frivolous because it will not happen. Nobody escapes.

 

He is a small man. Some merchant, she can tell by the ring of sun around his neck and the slacks he threw over the chair. Kuchel does not like the men who come here. Finds that she no longer likes men at all. He orgasms. A warm spill in her gut. The same old routine. When he is gone she fingers herself with vinegar to kill the seed, but she is distracted by the millipede on her vanity poking through her glass bottles of perfume.

 

Kuchel buys enough to survive at the market stalls. It smells faintly of sewage. Drips fall from the stalactites above and melt into her shoulders. Sugar is too luxurious a commodity to be found here even if she could afford it. Nothing grows in the dark, no vegetables or fruit. The stalls sell slight variations of the color beige. Pigeon corpses hang from their talons. She passes two coins to a woman with frail fingers and fills her sack with bread. On her way back she crosses paths with two children playing. Their hands link and their eyes squeeze with laughter, they don’t pay attention to where they step barefoot on the gravel and somehow avoid bottle shards.

 

She sits on her damp bed in the whorehouse, feet off the floor because the bugs are her true landlords. She parses the hard burnt skin and tears into webs of soft undercooked dough. Moans bleed through the wall behind, low and drawn like a dog who's been chained up too long. She consumes half a loaf.





Kuchel cries hunkered over the toilet bucket, vomit stinging her lips as she realizes she is pregnant. ‘Course she would, she loathes the men and doesn’t want them to take root. Her life would sink deeper than she thought it could plummet.

 

It is illegal to kill a fetus but no one cares for what is legal down here. There are women who have their ways if you know which alleys to whistle down and how many times to knock— have their ways with long twisted metal hangers and herbs that make the body shiver and seize. Nothing is sterile. Some women die from it. Shawl over her head, she is on her way to such a place. 

 

In the tight alley, laundry hangs from draping clothes lines and she watches her feet on a stone brick path. Leakage from the pipes discolors the walls and it patters around. Kuchel flinches as a spider crawls from a hole. Can’t help it. These massive underground spiders look terrifying but are harmless— people say never to kill them because they eat the pests. Ants, flies, earwigs and even bedbugs. 

 

She kneels so her skirt kisses the mud. “What a sick life you lead, huh?”

 

It has long furry brown legs and too many opaque eyes for her to count. The bottom segment of it is squirming. She squints at it. Babies, she realizes. A hundred tiny babies with clear bodies, soft and undeveloped. Transparent legs clamber over each other. She is carrying them on her back. 

 

“Oh,” Kuchel says. 

 

She ignores her. She crawls back into her hole.





Kuchel is seated on her made bed as she tells her brother she wants to keep the baby. He’s brought tea that smells far too expensive and it steams from a porcelain cup with a broken handle.

 

“You can’t be serious.” Kenny has his palms open toward the vanity. Reflected in the mirror, he has some blood stained on his trench coat. “A kid’s so much work, you gotta feed the thing and you barely afford to feed yourself. Givin’ birth to it alone could kill you, you’re such a stick— it’d snap your hips in half.”

 

“I know.” She’s smiling. Can feel it spread like water through cloth. She smiles a lot these days, though the muscles in her face find it hard to remember how. 

 

“You want to have the kid of some lowlife?” His voice is gruff and unpleasant from too many cigars.

 

“He’s not going to be like the men who come here.” 

 

The corner of his nose curls. “How’d you know that?” 

 

“Cause he’s a baby. Sure, he came from something sinful but he’s innocent and good. My baby’s a fresh pot of rice, Kenny. A fresh pot.” Kuchel touches her abdomen. It is close to a miracle, how her body can grow life like a garden, how something so pure could emerge from a place so dirty.

 

It’s not that she has some kind of premonition that her baby is a boy, but refuses to consider having a girl. Wouldn’t know what to do. Little girls, you call them pretty and put ribbons in their hair. Kuchel still does not know how to be a woman and for it not to hurt.

 

Kenny huffs from his nostrils and gives up. He slides his things into his pockets, shirt lifting to show a knife handle, and looks behind his shoulder. “This kid’s gonna ruin your life.” 

 

“Kenny.” She breathes in a way that’s almost a laugh, and shrugs to her room. “Look at my life.”







 

Chapter 2: Matriphagy
Chapter Text

Her body is heavier and she feels like a flower bud before it blooms, petals shifting and growing inside her.

 

Kuchel does not drink tea while pregnant because she heard the particles in the leaves are harmful to the baby. It is one of the few pleasures in life, those cups of dried leaves and fermented fruits. She is never fully awake without it, drowsy and in a half-dream state, dark circles under the eyes no amount of powder can conceal.

 

She scoops water from a pot on the furnace fresh from a boil, sips it standing in her nightgown. A cleansing warmth travels down her esophagus. Chin tipped back, she pipettes four herbal oil droplets on her tongue, from the apothecary who told her it was rich with nutrients. Black bubbles in the glass tube.

 

Kuchel pulls back the bed and sweeps under it, the bristles comb dust bunnies and dirt and tiny dead bugs, spindly legs withered and stiff. She handkerchiefs dust from glass bottles of makeup. A lot has built up, those gray speckles over the softly pink fluids gurgling as she tilts them.

 

She closes her eyes blissfully to the sun below the hole at the east of town. Kuchel drifts through the underground and finds a teddy bear and tiny blouses abandoned on the street in a box. In her room, she soaks them in bubbles until they look cared for again, the yarn smile a little less pitiful. Its button eyes are heartbreakingly sweet. She hugs the bear close and soap dribbles down her chest.

 

When Levi is born it is a slaughter. Kenny was right, her hips are too narrow and his skull is stuck, lurching on bone as she contracts. It takes hours. She has drunk so much bitter poppy milk that she is starting to lose the ability to fill her lungs, and the numbness is climbing up her neck. They’ll both die here, she thinks, distantly.

 

A blade under flame. A midwife slices her open from hip to hip. Organs gurgle out as she reaches inside her stomach and pulls out the baby. He is covered in a deep layer of maroon blood. 

 

Kuchel wants to reach out and hold him, but the poppy milk has made her arms immobile. Blood drips from his eyelashes and tiny nose as a midwife holds him up for her to see, and the other pushes her intestines inside and stitches her stomach back together. A smile twitches on her face.

 

The midwives cut the umbilical cord and towel him clean. Kuchel is still shaking but once she has regained control of her body, she raises her arms and asks to hold him. Her hand slots below the tiny crook of his arm and the other on his chubby thigh. He is so soft and tiny. Warm like a loaf of bread fresh from the oven.

 

She puts her cheek to the top of his head. “Oh, baby.” A rush of sun-dappled spots travels through her body. Tears run down her face. “I love you.” She has never cried from joy before, just sadness, the flood of it surprises her. Her heart is overflowing, spilling from her chest, and finally she has somewhere to pour it.

 

A midwife teaches him to latch with leather gloved hands. It’s good for his humors. Babies get sick and die often in their first year, and milk is full of nutrients. The woman guides her hand on the back of his head. His head is too heavy for his neck to support it, so always cradle it. His skull isn’t fused yet, be careful not to press too hard.

 

Kuchel bathes him in holy water, the church calls this baptism. They say it cleanses any sin. She is on her knees at the altar. Bronze pillars climb to stalactites and men in robes observe from the ends of the aisles. It smells of incense made of resin and spices, and candles flicker on every surface. Levi is as white and soft as a granule of fresh rice in the metal pot. She supports his tiny back as she pours a pail of clear water over his head, moving the short patches of dark hair there. 

 

“Did you hear that, Levi?” she whispers to him. “You’re pure.” His wide silver eyes take in the world for the first time. The water is clearer than any water underground, almost invisible. Her hands feel so clean they burn. On the walls are murals, a girl with an apple and people with wings spearing her. 






 

Chapter 3: Alcohol
Chapter Text
 

A crib costs too much. She holds Levi in bed, warm like a soft curled cat by her chest. He takes up almost no room at all. 

 

Levi lays on her lap, his soft head is elevated by her knees, his onesied feet press into her abdomen where the scar he came from still heals under her nightgown. Light from the hall comes through the curtains a serene hazy white. It is how they indicate morning without the sun, though the working girls are like possums, hunting at night.

 

Kuchel combs her hair and smiles at him. His wide eyes track the movement of the silver comb as the prongs glide through the black strands and emerge at the bottom, the ends spring back to their wavy state. He has long dark lashes as if someone has taken a wand of mascara to them. His cheeks are as soft and round as proofed dough.

 

“What? Hmm?” she says softly. “You want to play with it?”

 

Kuchel holds the comb out to him. It is real silver, embossed with leaves and a serpent. From above. She will sell it if she ever needs to. Levi is reflected and warped on its shiny surface. He looks so much like his mother, he reminds her of when she was young, when the world was so big and she’d play make-believe in kitchen cabinets. His fingers trace the handle, then pinch the serpent's tail. He is fascinated by small things, tilts his head at the sound of hot water poured from a teapot, at the rattle of uncooked oats in its jar. He is still learning touch and shape and color, though there isn’t much color here.

 

She thinks, they’re similar in this way, it is proof he is hers. She has an appreciation for nice things, soft things, smooth fabrics and gentle songs, glass figurines and ceramic handcrafts. The underground is too brutal. Below there is so many wine-stained lips and bruises from sex, and she has begun to feel worn of it, like she has become a little girl again or maybe a grandmother.

 

Levi watches longingly as she places it on the vanity out of his reach, next to powders and face creams and brushes, his chubby cheek presses her thigh as he turns his head. The prongs might be too sharp for him to touch. He is so delicate. 

 

“Maybe when you’re a little older.” Kuchel kisses his forehead and cheek. 

 

“I love you, darling.” Her fingers come up below his armpits to caress his back, he goes pliant at her touch, and under his softness his ribs are small and fragile, bones that came from her bones, somehow. Her miracle. She rests her ear to his chest to hear it thump-thump, and closes her eyes. “Love you so much.” His heart is so steady. Levi tugs at a strand of her hair. Thump-thump, thump-thump. He smells like home, like fresh linens warm from the sun. He tugs harder. 

 

“Ouch.” She juts her bottom lip out. “That hurt.”

 

Levi pushes himself up, wobbles as he sits upright on her lap. He pulls on her gown. 

 

“What’s wrong?” she coos. His forehead falls into her chest, poof, he plops his weight there as if she’s a pillow.

 

Kuchel undoes her buttons and he mushes his face into her soft breast. She strokes his back as he nurses. His tongue presses her nipple. My baby, she thinks dreamily. It fills her with love. She no longer drinks alcohol but it is the same tipsy feeling, the pleasant haze. A dizzying shimmer through her body. A slowness to her thoughts. Milk is the best thing for him and she likes being the best thing for him.

 

Someone knocks twice on the door. “Olympia.” 

 

She gently pulls him off, rests him on her folded clothes in the dresser, kisses him quickly and closes the drawer. She shoves buttons in their gaps with shaking hands.

 

“Yes?” Kuchel asks between the crack of the door. There is an absence to the brothel owner’s smile, he is always hungover. Teeth rotten around the gums.

 

Please don’t cry. She has forgotten the teddy bear on the floor, his tiny clothes laid atop the dresser. His eyes are on her shirt buttons because she has missed one.

 

“Got a regular coming ‘round again before seven. With all that leave you took, thought you’d never get any customers back.” He laughs to himself. “Better be grateful for it.”

 

The brothel owner takes half of everything she makes but it is a necessary arrangement, when she was working on her own there were issues. Men wouldn’t pay— would come up with excuses like her services were lacking, that she would grimace when she swallowed come or looked bored during sex. 

 

“Mhm. Will do.” 

 

Once his footsteps are gone she opens the dresser. Levi blinks at her as if awoken from a nap, lulled by the dark small space like a womb, nested in all those lavender and cream clothes around him. He is so quiet, like he knows he’s a secret. She cradles his head as she picks him up and he squirms against her chest. He fills her arms perfectly.

 

When she has patrons, she gives Levi to one of the women who work in the same hall. 

 

He’s my baby brother, she lied. “I’ll be done in two hours or so.”

 

Levi squirms in the woman’s arms, unsure but not uncomfortable, glancing back to his mom. The woman bounces his weight in her arms and coos. Other prostitutes in the hall are drawn to him and parse his silky black hair, asking him questions he won’t understand. One jangles their silver necklace at him and another offers their purple sleeve for him to touch. It’s nice for them to pretend, she thinks, to borrow Levi and see how it feels to have a baby. The women like to treat him like a doll, dress him up and play with him. 

 

His hand is hairy and oversized on her pale thigh like a huge underground spider, and he has a golden wedding ring. Strange, she thinks, as it moves up her leg, how men can have a wife and children and a beautiful home above, and yet be so unsatisfied. Like a tree where all the figs fruit at once, and before you can pick which one you’d like they have all rotted and fallen to the ground.

 

”You’re beautiful,” he says into her neck.

 

“Really?” she asks and tries to sound flattered.

 

She is no longer so niave.

 

Four years ago, in a warm dark tavern a man had put his hands on her waist and spoke into her ear. Your hair is like vines, how lush and thick it is. I want you more than I can bear. Be mine and I’ll give you a good life. The bottles glittered greens and blues. His hands felt nice. Her blood had been mostly red wine.

 

Later, she was on a bed, stuffing coming out of a ripped seam of the pillow by her head. Said to the ceiling with veins of black mold running through it, I was such a lonely little girl.

 

Yeah? The man stubbed out his cigarette in an ashtray on his nightstand. His bare abdomen was dappled in dark hair, faint streetlamp light from the window washed over him.

 

Kuchel pulled the sheets over her naked chest. Her muscles were sore from sex. I loved this rag doll. I carried it everywhere, missing an eye and a nose cause a dog had chewed it. A nasty thing.

 

He leaned into the headboard as she touched his stubbled neck. My brother cut off its head to tease me and I cried and cried.

 

Hm.

 

Kuchel tried to kiss him but he turned his head to the side. What’s wrong?

 

She pulled back to see his profile. His eye scrutinized her from the corner. Oh, don’t look at me like that, he said bitingly, like she was a fool. 

 

You said… Kuchel sat up, the sheet fell off the blue marks he thumbed on her body. She keeps her voice steady. Earlier you said I was the most beautiful girl you’d ever seen.

 

He turned away from her in bed. You are.

 

Love from men is like a cup with holes at the bottom.

 

Afterward, she cleans. Soap suds on everything the man touched. She pours diluted vinegar over her body and relishes in the way it makes her skin hum, shivers among other naked women in the communal baths. A pink mark is left on her collarbone where it meets the shoulder. It is shaped like a roach and she flits the pads of her fingers over the tender surface, drawing her neck up in the mirror. She changes into a shirt with a drawstring collar and ties it tight.

 

Levi is asleep in the woman’s arms. Kuchel gently takes him from her. “Thank you again,” she breathes. The woman smells of perfume, roses that have been soaked in vanilla.

 

“Don’t worry. He’s perfect.”

 

Kuchel sits with him on the floor of her room, legs crossed. Purple dapples his face. He’s got a faint lipstick mark from where someone kissed him on the forehead. “They put makeup on you, Levi?” she whispers as she wipes his cheeks. “Tell them no, okay? Say, my skin’s too delicate.” 

 

She licks her fingers to wet them and smear away the color. He shuffles in her arms and blinks at her. “What are you doing awake? Hm? It's way past your bedtime.” 

 

Kuchel rocks him until her arm starts to tingle. He weighs as much as maybe half a bag of flour. She hums a song to lull him, one about stars she remembers being sung to her as a child, knows it by heart even after all these years. The wood is uncomfortable on her bottom. He does not want to fall asleep, and looks up at her with adoration. Her throat tightens, and she smiles. “Mama was…so sad,” she tells him. “So sad and lonely.”

 

 

 

 

 

Chapter 4: Pigeon
Chapter Text
He’s got his fingers different colors— burgundy red, lapis blue, dandelion yellow, slate gray, powdery and shimmering on his tiny fingerprints. 

 

“Oh, Levi,” she says. 

 

Her eyeshadow palette is on the floor, cracks running through the cakes of pigment, divots of his fingers impressed on it. Book pages are ripped open and smeared with color over handwritten words and illustrations. He shrinks, drawing up his shoulder and stooping his neck. The palette is expensive, a gift from some man who courted her whose name she cannot remember. There’s nothing like it below. 

 

“I have a better idea,” she says, softly. Pours a cup of water at the sink, and dips one of her makeup brushes inside. The brush goes wet and thick, water plinking onto the surface where particles float. She rolls the bristles in a green shade, and turns it into a puddle. 

 

“Like this,” she says and spreads a wet line of green over words, the ink below smears and disappears. “See?” Kuchel tucks some hair behind her ear, and hands him the brush.

 

He paints with his left hand encircled around the handle like how he holds his spoon, fat winding lines, and circles that make the bristles fan. The brush dips into dandelion yellow and touches the same pattern of dots and lines, where the green meets yellow it blends in shades. “That’s so beautiful, Levi. You’re so talented.”

 

She takes his tiny hand, oh so little and careful, fully encompassed by her own, and puts it in the water to clean the brush. “This is how you keep the colors from blending on the palette,” she tells him.

 

Buffs of smeared purple are on his sleeve, soft and new from the laundry done earlier in the day. Levi hovers over red for some time, that reservoir of vibrance, above ground the color belongs to apple skin and raspberries, but she only knows red as the tacky residue on her panties when she’d get her menses, and lipstick on whores. He decides not to, instead coats his brush in blue. He considers the wet rivers of color wrinkling the page, and places blue in empty spaces. 

 

“You’re an artist, darling.” Kuchel sits on their knees among the ripped book pages. She’s read him these stories before, and tried to teach him how to read, him on his lap as she sounded out letters. Taught him every word he knows with great patience.

 

Freshly snipped dark bangs fall into his face as he leans over, his expression focused, a plush bottom lip sucked into his mouth, and it breaks her heart. How his eyes move in flutters, how his pupils expand and contract. His small fingers know how to grip and touch and he’s changing things, making them better with such uprooting. Her baby, he is real and alive and grows more beautiful with every passing day.

 

Kuchel smiles and rests her cheek on her shoulder, does not grieve the loss of the palette. For him, she’d sell all her nice things and her body for parts. An eye, a kidney, a lung, wedding porcelain, moth spun silks, wrap them up in ribbon and give them away until there was nothing left of her. If he found a way above, she’d let him leave her behind so he could live under the sunlight. 

 

“It’s for you,” he says and holds up the paper, lines dripping into lines and making more colors. 

 

“Oh.” She touches her chest. “Thank you.”

 

“Do you like it?”

 

“I love it. I’ll keep it forever.”

 

Levi rocks up onto his knees and puts his face into her sleeve, the tips of his blush visible on his cheek. He hugs her. Kuchel kisses the top of his head. 

 

“Do you know why mama was born?” she asks him. 

 

He sits his chin to her chest, looks up at her with wide innocent eyes. “To be pretty.”

 

“No, darling.” She runs her hand through his soft hair. “Mama was born so she could have you.”

 

“Why?” he asks.

 

“Because you’re pure like the cleanest water, like a fresh pot of rice. You are so sweet and intelligent, my dear. You’ll grow up to be so good. And you make me feel at peace. I have never been so happy.”

 

“Mm,” he agrees. “Whad’you mean?”

 

“Hm?”

 

He pulls away some so she can see all of his face. His little hands are bunched in her shirt. “Whad’you mean have me? Where’d I come from? Why don’t the other women have little boys?”

 

Kuchel smiles. “In the middle of town where the old buildings are, under all the pillars is a metal bowl. It opened up.” She unfurls her hands how a flower blooms. “And there you were! You came from the cleanest purest water there is. I picked you up and I took you home.”




 

Kuchel does his buttons, tiny wooden circles shimmying into slivers of fabric. Levi is rubbing his eye with one fist and yawning. He is in her pale blue shirt and it fits him like a dress. He can do his own buttons, it is just— habit. 

 

“Can I have some?” He asks as he glances at the steaming cup of tea on the nightstand. 

 

“When you’re older, Levi. It’s not good for little kids.”

 

“Please? It smells good.” He takes an inhale. It does, it smells like a fireplace burning cinnamon. She makes a pot everyday because no matter how much she cleans the whorehouse smells of decay.

 

“Hmmm.” Kuchel stands from the bed and parses through the jars of dried leaves under the windowsill, the lace curtains moving gently. “I can give you this one. It’s chamomile.” This tea doesn’t have the same wakeful effect as the leaves, so it’s safe for him.

 

“What’s sham—omeel?” His right arm raises toward the jar and the too-long sleeve slips past his wrist and flops over like a sock puppet. His head tilts to the side.

 

“It’s like a flower, see?” She taps the glass. Tawny withered petals and seeds rattle inside. Levi knows flowers as the labels of the scents on her perfume, daisy and lavender and rose; he has never seen one in person. “Above, before they get dried out in the sun, they’re very yellow.” 

 

Kuchel spoons the dried flowers into a glass, clinking its surface, then pours steaming water into it while he hovers, on his tiptoes trying to see above the table. As they rehydrate and grow, she opens the drawer of her vanity and takes out her tea set from its box, glazed and delicately painted with blue. 

 

Levi climbs into his chair as she lays them out on the table— a saucer and cup and teaspoon in front of the four seats. She spoons out the sopping flowers into a wet heap on a metal lid, and pours the faintly blonde liquid into his cup, brings it to her lips and blows on it until it stops steaming so he will not burn his tongue, the surface rippling. It smells grassy.

 

Levi holds the cup with both hands and brings it to his mouth.

 

“Bleh.” He sticks his tongue out.

 

Kuchel laughs. “You’ll like it when you’re older.”

 

He takes another sip and pushes down a wince.

 

“It’s okay,” she says. “You don’t have to be grown up for a long time.”

 

He reaches over the table to pour his cup into the cup in front of the bear slouched in the seat across.

 

“Is the bear old enough for tea?” she asks.

 

“Yeah. He’s seven.”

 

She laughs. “That’s not old enough.”

 

“It’s not?” He seems appalled. “What about ten?”

 

“No, ten is still not old enough.” 

 

It is a full set, there is a creamer for milk and a container for sugar that are both empty. She pretends to pour them into his cup, making a woosh sound with her mouth.

 




“Eat, darling.” 

 

“Mm.” He winces and shakes his head.

 

She pushes the spoon to his mouth and he shuts his lips tight. “Don’t want anymore.”

 

“You have to. You’re so small. You’re way too small.” He is four years old but he has not grown much since he was three, the others boys his age stand almost a head taller than him, playing outside on the flat roofs with scuffed knees and dirty fingernails.

 

“No’m not.”

 

“Levi.” Her eyebrows raise and she tries to keep the desperation out of her voice. “I don’t want anyone to pick on you, and they will if you’re so little.”

 

He hops off his chair to play with some stuffed creatures that hardly resemble animals made from potato sacks. Kuchel bites her lip and does not get upset with him. It’s her fault, really, she’s his mother. She sets the spoon back in his half-finished bowl and it sinks into creamy mush. If she could cook better and had better ingredients, maybe he’d be more inclined to eat. But he won’t eat the grainy, overcooked potato soup, so she sets the bowl outside for the feral cats and watches a tabby and black cat lick it clean.

 

Outside, below the hole of sunlight, there are roots from the trees above curling in the earth, holding it in place. Little mushrooms with red and brown hats peak from the soil. Here is the only patch of grass and it as soft as expensive fabric, smells like life. Kuchel watches Levi chase the birds, hands outstretched like when he asks for a hug.

 

Levi comes to her on the bench with a pigeon in his hands. “Mama, I caught one.” It’s got white speckles all over, and his tiny hands are over the wings but they flutter for escape. 

 

“That’s a great job, Levi. We can have it for dinner.”

 

“For dinner?”

 

“Yes, darling.”

 

He stoops over to look at the flapping bird, into his sideways yellow eye and at its tiny beak. “We’re going to eat it?”

 

“Aren’t you hungry, Levi?”

 

“Yeah.” 

 

“Pigeon tastes really good if you cook it in tallow for a long time. It’ll be the best thing you’ve ever tried.” She’d made pigeon before, gutted it and plucked the feathers. The skin was golden and crisp under her teeth, dribbled out fat to coat her mouth. She’d ate the cartilage and sucked the bones. It was heavenly.

 

“You’re gonna kill it, mama?”

 

“I am.” Kuchel bends down and cups her hands for him to put the pigeon inside. “I’ll break its neck really fast, it won’t even feel a thing.”

 

He looks at her hands. He hovers the bird over her hands, it’s little talons scratch her palm. He hiccups. Tears roll down his face. “I don’t wanna give it to you.”

 

“Why not?”

 

He holds it to his chest, so protectively. “Cause it will hate me for catchin’ it.” He looks at the speckled bird with overflowing love and pity. “It’s just a pigeon.”

 

“Okay, honey. You can let it go.”

 

“I can?”

 

She nods. He releases the bird and it flies away. On her knees, she pulls him into her arms and lets him cry into her shoulder. He is inconsolable. “It’s just a pigeon,” he sobs. She rubs his back. 

 

“Sorry, mama.” Her shirt is wet with his tears and snot.

 

“It’s okay, honey. You’re just sensitive.”

 

“Sorry.”

 

She rubs his back. “You don’t need to be sorry. You have a gentle heart, don’t be ashamed of that.”

 

White feathers floating around him catch sunlight. 

 

“People are going to tell you that the world is cruel, that you need to be tough to survive. Don’t let them change you.”

