Levi’s mouth still feels thick with the rich ice cream he’d indulged Erwin into purchasing earlier that morning when they first arrived in Liberio. He’d regretted it almost immediately; the taste had been decadent and uncomfortable on his tongue, but Erwin’s face had become rosy with joy at the taste, so Levi had given him his share instead.

That was hours ago now, and they’ve long since returned to the Azumabito residence. Levi follows Erwin upstairs when he says goodnight to Oyankopon, Hange and Kiyomi, still drinking together in the parlour. The kids had disappeared a good while before. First Eren, always Eren, then Ackerman, before the rest. Levi knows they’re not kids now; seen too much, forced to deal with too much. And they’ve all shot up beyond his height too. Would he have? The blank space that sits beside Eren calls to him, but Levi blinks it away. Levi tries not to think about the kid burned to a crisp.

“I have something for you,” Erwin says when they make it to the bedroom. Levi closes the door behind him and watches Erwin pull something from the inside of his fawn coloured jacket.

It’s the damn lollipop that freak in makeup tried to give him. The one who thought he was a child. Onyankopon explained the concept of clowns to Levi in response, but he didn’t get it. Erwin’s current boyish smile is at least enough to have Levi bowing his head in response. He looks happy.

Erwin hasn’t looked happy in such a long time. Choosing him meant bringing him back to disaster, meant making him a target for Eren’s rage; all the brat sees is the man returned instead of his best friend. All Erwin feels is the weight of the world, the destruction created whenever he returns from his titan form. He's the one dealing with the realisation that they’re a deeply fractured nation, and enemies of the world beyond.

He never much likes being touched after shifting. His words are crueler, the anger unhidden, directly almost entirely at Levi. which he is fine with. It’s what he deserves. It’s Levi's burden to carry, but it’s hard. Progress is challenging when the man he loves can no longer tolerate his touch for weeks at a time. But things have been different since they’ve been in Marley. A new expedition, with new experiences, and change from the cloying scenery of home. Dumb clown notwithstanding, Erwin had stood tall and handsome in his pale suit and Levi had loved standing by his side, warmed just at the sight of him.

Things will change again soon enough. Tomorrow, while Hange and the brats attend the forum, Erwin is meeting with several men he has been in communication with. Old Captains from other countries who have shown support discreetly, who know people in high up positions of power. He’ll charm them, and Levi will stand at his side the perfect guard dog. He’ll do his part, he’ll do better.

Levi watches Erwin place the lollipop on the side, garish against the classic styling of the bedroom. He sits on the edge of the bed and watches Erwin slide his arms from the jacket — both of them — before hanging it neatly on the small chair that sits beneath the window.

“Do you think the brats have got lost?”

“I don’t think so. I wouldn’t worry yourself about them,” Erwin says, peeling the leather strap from his wristwatch. Levi stares at the red impression it’s left on his skin; he always wears it too tightly. “Let them explore. We can go find them later if you’re that concerned.”

“I’m not,” Levi says, trying hard to stop the way his fingers keep twisting and folding in his lap. Erwin must notice because a crease forms between his thick brows and Levi no longer has the clipped words to retaliate with. That  morning Erwin had kissed him awake, and allowed Levi’s hand to stroke him to a slow climax. He’d rolled an easy arm over the back of the loveseat they shared downstairs in the parlour. Levi, at times, feels forgiven, or loved, or maybe somewhere in between. He can’t bear the idea of ruining this small amount of peace between them.

“I’m sorry,” Erwin says. His voice is warm, gentle. “I’ve been difficult.”

“Sometimes, but I get it.” Levi can’t look at Erwin, but he hears the softness in his voice. “This isn’t really what you thought — how you wanted it to be.”

“No, but I’ve had plenty of time to get used to it, and the decision you made was understandable.”

Levi nods his head. He finds Erwin’s eyes, sinking his own expression into them. Erwin is closer now and bends down so he’s kneeling in front of Levi sitting stiffly on the bed. His wide palms fit themselves to Levi’s knees.

They stare at each other for a good while before Levi leans in, placing his hands on Erwin’s shoulders and squeezing. He kisses him, dry, just a press of lips, waiting for Erwin to flinch or push him away. When he doesn’t, he becomes braver. He licks at the edge of Erwin’s bottom lip, a request for access.

He isn’t granted it, but it doesn’t matter, because Erwin’s hands slip from his knees to his hips, pushing him back on the bed, and jumping up to find space next to him. Erwin’s mouth is on him, his hand pinching lightly at Levi’s jaw, coaxing his mouth to open, his tongue slipping inside.

It isn’t that they haven’t kissed. No, they’ve kissed, but before anything else can happen, Erwin will move away, or worry about time, or worst, turn Levi around to bend him over the closest surface.

“I haven’t made you feel good in a long time.” Erwin’s hand slips to Levi’s stomach, pulling at the shirt tucked tight to his pants. Levi helps by undoing his belt, and thumbing open his trousers, gasping when Erwin cups him tight between his legs.

“Erwin,” he says, half-shocked when Erwin eagerly pulls him from his clothes. He folds the trousers neatly on the floor, his socks and underwear on top. Levi’s tie slips loose from his throat and he rolls it around his knuckles to keep it neat. He leans over and places it on the plain wooden nightstand beside the bed.

Then he’s naked, and Erwin isn’t. It’s a thrill to be bare in the room, and looked at intently. Levi has always been neutral on his body. It’s a body that has served him well, but he knows he is inordinately scarred, his shoulders broad and his waist narrow, and his thighs solid but the rest of his legs small. Not  that any of that matters when Erwin is looking at him, when his blue eyes become hazy and his right hand - no longer scarred with Levi’s mark — reaches out, traces the jagged scar across his shoulder and follows the trail over his knotted ribs, over the blade of his hipbone, down his lightly furred thighs.

“What are you thinking?” Levi asks, feeling the cool air pull his nipples up into sharp points, widening his legs when the coyness disappears and he forces himself to recognise the arousal shading Erwin’s cheeks pink.

“About what I want from you, and how I want to make you feel good. Would you turn over for me?” he asks. Levi nods, and moves eagerly to roll onto his side, before scrabbling on the soft mattress until his hands and knees root him on all fours.

Erwin's hands pull at his hips, slowly, over the scars and marks, over the muscle and bones. There is nothing all that attractive about his body. He’s a walking example of his own violence and yet there’s something in him that intrigues Erwin, even now, after everything. It's exciting.

“What are you wanting?” Erwin asks, one hand on the back of Levi’s neck, pushing just enough that Levi rests his head down. The position makes him vulnerable, but he needs it, needs to prove to Erwin that this is the right thing, that he can give him everything. 

Erwin’s fingers tap on his tailbone, two of them pressed together from the hand that grew back. Of all the things Erwin resents, all the strange and innumerable ways he hates himself, it’s the return of this hand that causes the most turmoil. Levi sees it every time someone comments, when someone tries to make things easier, forgetting the wholeness of him. 

“Can you remember all the things I’ve put inside you?” Erwin says slowly, in that low voice. Levi swallows thickly, pushing back, biting down on his tongue when Erwin laughs. “Remind me.”

This game. Levi’s distracted at first by the slow drag of Erwin’s fingers, down his cleft, pressing firm enough that they dip down over his hole, and then lower where he’s damp. 

“Levi?”

“Um — just your fingers at first. I was shy.”

He wasn’t shy; he was embarrassed, humiliated, horrified at himself for getting into a position that was little more than actively pursuing his boss, the man he’d sworn to kill, the one who shared blame in the deaths of his only friends. 

Levi wasn’t shy, but that was the tamest word for it. He remembers it vividly, playing it back behind his eyes. Erwin’s fingers, slick with spit entering him, Levi’s underwear drawn down to his knees, Erwin at his back, one hand over his mouth to quieten his choked breath in the unlocked office, those other fingers massaging down against Levi.

“And then your mouth. Your fat tongue,” Levi says, remembering the shock of the first time, the wetness and the oddness of it, the sound of Erwin’s breath, the catch of a moan vibrating against his skin. They’d been in Erwin’s office again that time — with the door locked — Levi bent over the desk, underwear coiled around his ankle.

“Always in your damn office.” Erwin’s fingers ride up again. His left hand rests on his ass, slowly, and his fingers tap against him. Levi groans. He can feel the sweat starting under his arms, against his nape. He curls his fingers into the pillow beside his head as he hears the disgusting sound of Erwin drawing saliva into his mouth with a loud backwards suck. 

“Fingers, tongue, cock,” Levi says, just as Erwin leans over. He can feel the tips of his hair against his spine, the tip of his nose against the taut skin, and then the wet drip of saliva pouring from Erwin’s mouth down onto his hole.

Erwin isn’t gentle with his fingers. He doesn’t need to be. Levi can take it. Erwin’s fingers glide through the saliva, pressing them down against the furled skin. Levi bears down to help the slide, sighing.

They haven’t fucked in a long time now. Not properly. They don’t fuck like they used to. They used to make love before all this. Levi would climb on top, or Erwin would lay his heavy weight over him, and they never said shit, but Levi could see the way Erwin looked at him, and he knew what it meant. He would stroke his hair back and swallow Levi’s protective barbs like they were something sweet. Now Erwin can barely look at him. They keep the lights off, or Levi is turned, so he doesn’t have to see the shame on Erwin’s face.

“Your cock and your fingers,” Levi says, remembering the first time they’d done it like that. Erwin had been inside him, and on every pull outwards, Erwin had rubbed his thumb against his rim until he could get it inside and Levi still remembers how impossible the stretch had felt, soothed only by soft words, a gentle hand on his back, and the thought of how good it felt shaping his body for Erwin.

Now though, Erwin’s teasing fingers slide away from his skin and Levi feels the sensation of the mattress balancing out again as Erwin stands from the bed. He looks over his shoulder and sees Erwin disappearing into the adjoining washroom before returning with the sweet oil they use for this. 

Their eyes catch, and Levi squirms under the weight of Erwin’s serious expression. He thinks he might once have known what he was thinking, but now he’s not so sure. Levi turns away, stares down at the pillows wedged between his splayed arms and listens to the sound of Erwin’s footsteps approaching again.

“What’s the largest you’ve taken from me?” Erwin asks, sinking down behind him.

He knows, of course. Erwin’s cock and a slim toy, his own fingers stuffed in his front hole. He had come from the pressure alone, and remembers laying there without words, without breath, mind somewhere else as Erwin had taken him. How it had felt strange for hours afterwards, how he panicked he wouldn’t ever tighten up again, how Erwin had slipped fingers inside him afterwards and he hadn’t been able to tense up around them right away. They’d laughed about it back then.

Then there was the wooden chest with the three metal plugs, each one larger than the other, silver and bulbous. Erwin would bend him over his lap and work them into him, going up in size every so often. He remembers wearing them, aching with them, aching even more when they were removed.

“You asked me for something once,” Erwin says. Levi turns to look at his face. This is a good distraction; Erwin looks wholly focused on this and not the rest of it, the disaster of their reunion, and the weight Levi threw back on his shoulders the moment he chose him over Armin. “Won’t you remind me?”

“Can’t.” Levi’s voice is a hiss, and he snaps his teeth down, frustrated at himself. Erwin doesn’t need him whiny. He needs him strong and certain, and good. He wipes at his damp mouth with the back of his hand, shifting his knees further apart, the saliva dry between his exposed cheeks. 

Erwin’s blue eyes flicker towards him, thick brows rising as his thumb curls over the corked bottle in his hand. Levi knows that the moment the smell of the oil hits the air, he’ll slip and fade. Levi needs to impress. He has to.

“You. More of you than ever. Your fingers, your hand.” He thinks about it, but not too hard. Can’t bring himself to imagine Erwin fully clothed, kneeling behind him, drooling cock leaking through his linen trousers, his fingers in Levi’s body changing as he relaxes, fingers turning into his hand, and then more, and then—

“My hand?”

 “Your fist.”

Erwin makes a noise in the back of his throat and Levi can’t bear to look at him. Levi presses his face into the pillows, feeling awkward presented the way he is. He has it on the mind now though. 

The scent hits him before the rest. The cloying sweet scent of the oil. Levi looks at Erwin from under his arms to see him rolling his sleeves up his forearms. 

“I always planned on fucking you first before we tried this. I think that would be easier,” Erwin says. He climbs onto the bed again, behind Levi. His hands skate gently over his hips and Levi sighs into the touch.

“You can,” Levi says. He wants to kiss Erwin, wants to touch him and hold him, and ride him, but he stays as he is because he’s still not sure. This Erwin, who came back whole and loves him less for it. 

“No, I don’t think so. We should make this about your wants.” 

Levi frowns, clawing at the bedding, aware of the stinger in Erwin’s words, but refusing to rise to it. Instead, he relaxes his body, spreading his knees a little wider for the most easy access.

Levi is used to penetration, and the first two fingers slide in with relative ease once they’re oiled. Levi is more comfortable with anal, and they’re well practiced at it. Erwin’s fingers feel like Erwin’s fingers. He knows what they feel like, knows the length they reach, the feel of his knuckles. He sighs at the warm tingle caused by Erwin’s other hand stroking his hip.

“No one this small should be so easy to fuck.”

“Fuck you,” Levi says, clenching down on the two fingers, and receiving a sharp pinch to his left buttock. It stings, but nothing more than a minor annoyance.

“Behave, settle down and take my third,” Erwin says. He shifts closer, one hand smoothing Levi’s spine, the other trying to coax him into softening and opening up. 

Three fingers fit neatly. Three fingers feel wider than Erwin’s cock but less girth and he can take three fingers any time. He rocks back on them, feeling the knuckles glide into his body. He’s disgusting, he’s almost certain of it.

“Good boy.” Levi groans when he feels Erwin’s pinkie pushing in against his other fingers. He takes a deep breath. He’s taken four before. He’s taken four and the tease of Erwin’s tongue before. He’s taken Erwin and a fake cock before. “You’re doing well.”

“It’s a lot,” Levi says. “Fuck.”

“More oil?” When Levi nods his head, he hears Erwin pick up the bottle again. The cool, thick trickle of oil pours from the base of his spine, sliding down his cleft. With a deep breath and Erwin’s warm palm on his side, the pinkie finger slips inside.

Levi falls onto his forearms. His hair is dripping with sweat and he can smell sex in the air, can smell Erwin’s arousal and his own, swollen and wet between his legs. He thinks of the bath that will await him once they’ve finished. He thinks of Erwin holding him and telling him he’s done good.

Erwin doesn’t move his curved fingers, just has them resting inside Levi, his other hand still rubbing circles. Eventually he fucks his fingers out, pouring enough oil that Levi hears the thick glooping sounds of his fingers fucking loudly in the room.

“You’re gaping,” Erwin says, drawing his fingers out briefly before plugging him back up. The next time, he splays them as he pulls out. “All pink and spread open. You’re good at this.” 

“Please.” Erwin hasn’t praised him in such a long time. Not for anything. It’s chaste looks, and uncomfortable nods, and averted gazes and not this. If the only praise that Levi can get is the wideness of his own asshole, he’s at the point of accepting it gracefully.

Levi gets spacey on lust, high on the feel of the stretch, his palms drag wet over the pillows, at the slip of his damp hair, grinding down. Erwin is shushing him, soothing him, running one hand over the small of his back as he tries to squirm the awkward bend of his thumb into Levi’s body. 

Levi settles down as his rim stretches impossible, then he chokes on a gasp, as the wide solid stretch of Erwin’s hand slides into his body. 

It’s silent apart from their breathing. Levi can hear the heavy rise and fall of Erwin behind him, can smell him sweating through his cotton shirt. Levi reaches back to feel Erwin’s forearm, his wrist, the parts of him that aren’t buried inside. 

“Is this why you brought me back?” Erwin finally speaks, although his voice sounds far away. He has his fist inside him and Levi can’t… his mind is shuttering, his tongue spreading between his teeth. Erwin is talking to him, but Levi can’t focus. 

“What do you mean?” Levi says, and that takes it out of him. Levi can feel sweat everywhere, running down his spine, pooling on the backs of his knees, running down from beneath his arms. He wants to be touched, but not at all. He can feel every inch of Erwin, more than anything he’s ever felt before.

“You had plenty of reasons to choose me, I suppose.” Erwin’s voice was different now, a little taut, a strange energy bending the timbre of his voice.

“I can’t—” Levi’s tongue is hanging out between words; all he can feel is the deep stretch. This is more than anything else he’s had inside him before. Levi rolls his face into the pillow as Erwin’s left hand holds him around his middle. His right one wriggles inside and Levi whines. It’s tight. His rim aches as it stretches, even as he tries to relax his body.

There’s so much oil that Levi can feel it sliding down between his thighs, soiling the bedding, sticking to the dark hair between his legs. They should have done this somewhere else, somewhere that won’t leave forever-stains in Lady Kiyomi’s guest bedroom. 

Levi can feel the pressure, the way he’s stretched around Erwin’s fingers. He reaches back behind himself. He wants to be good, so good. He wants to show how much he can take.

“Erwin,” he pants. He can feel the size of his hand inside his body. “Erwin.”

“I have you.” Erwin’s voice is still weak. He clenches around Erwin’s bony wrist, feeling every long finger and thumb. He can feel the tension of Erwin behind him, his body big and stiff. “You’ve taken all of me like I knew you would.”

“H-how do I feel?”

“Tight. I don’t know how you'll ever tighten up again.” Levi wants to laugh, but he can’t. He feels so… he can feel his own arousal, swollen and wet between his legs, slicker with the oil that drip drip drips. He wishes it was possible to have Erwin fuck him down there, with his hand still in his ass. He wants to be plugged and overwhelmed. It might block everything else, the words that sound off coming from Erwin’s mouth, and the atmosphere that he thinks he might suffocate on.

Erwin turns his wrist clockwise and Levi bites down on the pillow, damp with saliva, tears, and sweat. “You’re just sucking me inside yourself. You feel warm. I feel like I know all of you now.”

“You do,” Levi says. He’s sure he’s going insane. He must be. He can’t focus on thoughts or moving, or even focusing. 

Erwin moves his fingers, spreading them out, and Levi cries out. The stretch from the fat width of Erwin’s hand touching him in places he hasn’t ever before. “You really will let me do anything to you. It’s disgusting, really.”

“Hmm?” Levi hears the words, but Erwin’s hand is still moving gently inside him, filling him up in the best way. His limbs stretch out, his aching knees scrabbling. He clenches around the girth inside him as Erwin pulls him back up onto all fours again.

Erwin’s other hand moves from his belly once he’s stabilised him, and rests firm on his back. His voice drips again, in that strange way. “Look at you. Is this why you saved me?”

“Erwin…” 

“You couldn’t kill the Beast, even when you promised.” Erwin’s fingers fold inwards again, and the sensation has him whining. The sensation against the stinging words has Levi arching. He wonders how deep Erwin could get. Whether he could crawl inside Levi, the whole of him. Levi could become him, save him, monster and all.

“I’ll kill him,” Levi grunts. He slides a hand down to cup against his groin, grinding at his growth as Erwin stretches him out. He thinks of Erwin inside him, everywhere, killing him from the inside. If he turns into the Colossal, it will obliterate them as one. “Next time I’ll kill him.”

“I don’t trust you to do that,” Erwin says.

“You can. I will.” Erwin moves his hand so exquisitely and Levi feels so full that he can do nothing but pant into the pillow, humping down onto his own palm. Erwin’s words hurt but his body feels so good and it’s enough to push past it, beyond.

“You turned me into a monster.” Erwin is no monster. Levi hasn’t seen a more beautiful titan, even amongst the destruction it creates. Every time he cuts him out of the nape, every time he sees the red flash of titan marks beneath his eyes, Levi sees nothing of the monster but the man he loves.

“You’re not,” Levi tries, but he’s so close and Erwin’s hand feels so good, and he’s so wet against the palm he’s slipped beneath his belly.

“Sometimes, I can’t even look at you anymore,” Erwin says, his fingers stroking against his insides and Levi comes, whining. It’s long and painful, he can’t quite understand; he hears the pitched sounds he’s making, noises he hasn’t heard himself make before. His body closes up around Erwin’s hand tucked inside him, keeping him large and full. Erwin’s words rattle around his head, but he isn’t sure if they’re real or not.

“You can fuck me,” Levi says eventually, when he can speak. Erwin’s hand is still inside him. 

Erwin clamps his left hand to Levi’s hip, but his fist slips out far easier than it went in and Levi feels bereft, shaking on the bed with his ass still in the air. His body is shaking, even his own hands when he lifts them to drag the sweat from his eyes.

“Fuck.” Erwin seldom swears and Levi’s toes curl, because he knows he’s looking at where Levi’s wide and gaping, where oil is sliding from his swollen asshole, running in trails down his thighs.

“Fuck me,” Levi says again, more determined this time. He hears the fumble of Erwin’s belt, the soft tumble of his trousers pooling around his knees before he scrabbles closer.

Levi’s pressed flat to the bed as Erwin fucks him. He clenches down to pull more friction, so he’s tight enough for Erwin to feel him. It’s a strange sensation to go from getting fucked open on a fist then back onto a cock; a large one, but his hands are larger and Levi struggles to breathe.

Levi stares at Erwin’s hand where it’s braced by his head, glistening with oil. His fingers long and broad, the palm of his hand like a saucer, the golden hairs on his forearm coated with oil. He knows now what that feels like pushed up against his insides, coming on it.

He can hear the sounds his body is making; the squelch of too much oil greasing the movement, the slap of Erwin’s hips as they rock into his backside. There’s an anger in Erwin’s movements, a jagged uncertainty that’s not normally noticeable. Levi isn’t used to passivity during sex, but he hasn’t the energy to do anything but be a wet hole for Erwin to grind into.

Erwin comes with one hand fisted in Levi’s hair, growling into his ear. He feels the slick wet gush of come, and the way Erwin pulls out almost immediately, the wet drag of his cock against his thigh, leaving a trail.

Erwin disappears almost immediately into the bathroom and Levi feels himself shaking. The bedsheets are ruined, and Levi thinks they’ll have to burn them. He feels spaced out, and he’s not sure he’s going to be able to walk any time soon. 

He lays there for a time, raking his hand through his filthy sweat-soaked hair, before he gets up, stumbles to the far wall and heaves open the window to air the room out.

He turns and sees Erwin opening the bathroom door. He’s in nothing but his underwear and a fresh shirt, his hair flat to his forehead and his mouth fixed in a thin line. When he sees Levi he approaches, grabbing him gently beneath the arms, even as he flinches.

Levi doesn’t want to flinch, and he doesn’t want to accept Erwin’s touch, not after what he’s said to him. Couldn’t kill the Beast? For all the arguments they’ve had recently, his failure in that was the one thing Erwin said he mustn't blame himself for. He understood, and it was reasonable. He wanted Zeke alive so someone could eat him. It made sense.

Still, he allows Erwin to pull him through, allows him to lift him into the tub, already pouring warm water in through the chugging metal pipes

“How are you feeling?”

“You want the truth?” Levi asks, drawing his legs up to his chest stiffly. Erwin’s hand cups the back of his head, and it’s because of his own exhaustion that he doesn’t pull away.

Erwin’s eyes are fixed on the water and with his brows pulled inwards, he looks more boy than anything else. Levi pities him, just a little, and hates himself all the more for it. “It’s like things got tangled. The lust and the anger. My anger isn’t at you, you know that?”

“You sure about that? Didn’t feel like it.” Levi hisses, but Erwin’s fingers lift, tilting the bottom of his chin so their eyes meet again.

“It’s no excuse, but it’s like the shutters went down on my brain. I saw how much you’re willing to do for me with your own body and thought only of the failures of my own.” Levi hears sincerity in Erwin’s voice, but there’s something else and it coils ice around his aching insides.

“Will it happen again?”

Erwin looks away, and a wave of nausea sticks at the back of Levi’s throat. “It isn’t you.”

“Is it fixable?”

“We have tomorrow to get through. Will you be okay?” Erwin asks, avoiding. Levi rolls his eyes and pulls from his grasp. Levi will be fine. He’ll always be fine.

“It didn’t hurt. I liked it, did you?”

“Yes.” Erwin’s voice dips low, and there’s at least something genuine in that. Levi will take that. “Please, will you let me wash your hair?”

Levi nods his head, but his eyes don't meet Erwin’s again.