Pour Your Misery Down


Session One





The night they drove back to Eric’s house, Levi had sent a message to Onyankopon. He’s skipped out on last week’s session in lieu of Erwin's unconscious state in a hospital bed, but had promised to, at the very least, text Onyankopon with an update. In all honesty, rarely did Levi keep his promises to his therapist, but he did on this occasion.

Erwin awake but got amneshia Going to his dads house. Will be coming this week.

He knew it was misspelled, but didn’t care. Isabel had shown him how to take predictive text off his phone so he wasn’t sending nonsensical messages to people and no one complained. No one ever laughed at him. They didn’t dare.

Levi sat parked in his car, just down the road from the leafy suburb his therapist practiced from. He was always ten minutes early. It was part of his ritual. He would sit for ten minutes in the familiar hub of his car, prepping himself for a draining hour.

Sometimes he tried to find things outside to focus on. A cat retreating from a jaunt in the neighbour’s garden, a kid performing wheelies on the same pink bike he’d bought Isabel ten years back. Today there was nothing that caught his eyes, nothing to focus or fixate on, and so he hummed along to the k-pop CD Isabel had outgrown and abandoned to his car player half a year back.

He tapped his fingers on the steering wheel, sang along, waited until it was thirty seconds past one minute before his session. He opened the car door, locked it, and walked, shoulders hunched, up the sidewalk, pushing open the rickety gate that lead to the side entrance.

He rang the doorbell. Two short bursts, and felt that sickening dread that kicked in every time he showed up, as he had for the past year now. His thighs still ached a little from his evening run with Erwin the evening before. He’d been… lighter the last few days. Happier, maybe. He wished he’d stayed with him, rather than do his duty here.

Levi had been in therapy before. He’d done state mandated sessions as a kid, forced to sit in a room with some ancient sandal-wearing hippie dick with an unkempt beard. Sat silent as a child after his mother’s death. Sat six months pregnant at thirteen fucking years old as they tried to coax commentary from him about how he got that way. He’d given them nothing, held tight to the secrets fattening him up. Kenny had told him years back, don’t trust cops and don’t trust doctors. They have it out for their kind. For Levi. Kenny was an asshole, but he was right about shit like that.

Kenny was dead now, and past eighteen, Levi had promised himself he wouldn’t sit in some stuffy-ass room with a stuffy-ass doctor telling him what was wrong with him. The state could go fuck themselves thank you very much.

He’d been seeing Onyankopon for a year now, since Pieck had insisted he get help. Having a therapist made him uneasy for the longest time. Still did. That he attended his sessions weekly, like some navel-gazing asshole that only wanted to talk about himself, was hard to swallow. He hated that shit. Promised himself that he’d never step foot in another shrink’s office again.

Until last year.

Last year when he lost his brains; lost everything the morning he woke up in a bloody bed with Erwin staring at him in concern. There was that, then there was Pieck, and then there was the significant chunk of money he paid to sit in Onyankopon’s refurbished garage and deconstruct the jagged edges of his entire shitty existence.

He’d diagnosed Levi with C-PTSD, helped pick through the fragmented trauma he’d carried around for years, too afraid to tell anyone, until he made sense of it. Working with different therapies until they found one that fit.

Levi had always planned on taking his memories to the grave, figured they were of no use to anyone, would just cause discomfort and unease. Wasn’t ever going to let Izzy know, wouldn’t even know where to begin with Erwin. Tried to block them out, even when his brain short-circuited. When he was fucking Erwin, or even Zeke back in the day, and suddenly it wasn’t them, and it wasn’t him as he was, but something else, some memory he’d locked away for years. No one was to know the half of it. Flashbacks could go fuck themselves. Levi had lived in frustrated fear of them for years.

Onyankopon knew everything. Levi had trickle-truthed him, not entirely sure what was real or a nightmare. Levi felt a little patched up, swollen with scar tissues barely healed. It was a relief when they’d got through the worst of it. Levi had laid it all out and felt better for it, for having someone that knew. A professional person who he didn’t live with or love.

Levi didn’t enjoy talking about himself, and for much of their year together, he didn’t much like talking to Onyankopon either. But it worked, somehow, eventually.

Today Onyankopon opened the door to Levi with a warm smile and a gentle handshake, let Levi in through the door that lead into what was, in every other house in this street, either a garage or man cave.

“Hello Levi. Nice to see you.”

“Hey.” Levi did a turn about the room, gritted his teeth against the anxiety pitting in his stomach.

Onyankopon’s room wasn’t like any therapist’s digs he’d ever seen before. No colourful toys or soft words spoken behind watery glasses. He worked out of a detached garage from his house, on his modest street. It didn’t look like a garage; it had a door and a window with bamboo shutters instead of the large grill door. The floor was neutral, a hessian style rug spread out in the middle. He had fake flowers sitting on the window ledge, a white orchid, which would be prone to gathering dust, only Onyankopon kept it white as anything. Levi liked orchirds, but he never said that shit to anyone. Orchids were bougie. Levi had a severe disinterest in the bougie.

Onyankopon dressed like a slightly dressed down businessman. Levi had told him as much in far ruder terms on various occasions. Black suit, not cheap but not tailored, a plain white button-down shirt, the first few buttons undone. He wore a silver watch, expensive but old. It looked like something from Erwin’s shop, so Levi had decided it must be a hand-me-down. There was a photo on the sideboard that Levi stared at whenever he was sick of his therapist’s face. Onyankopon and an older man that looked just like him. Levi presumed his father, presumed he had given him the watch. Wondered whether he was dead, but not enough to say it.

Levi always took his shoes off when he started his session. Started it some time back. Made him feel like he had less chance to flee, because he’d have to stop and pull his shoes on, and usually by the time he’d done that, he’d calm again.

When Levi first started, he used to sit in the chair because it was rigid with wooden arms he could dig his nails into until they split.

Actually, when he first started, he didn’t sit down at all. He would stand furiously, or pace around, arms tight around his chest, fingers pinching at his sides in anger. He was so mad in those early sessions, mad at everyone thinking he was crazy, that he needed therapy to fix himself, that there was even one part of him that was even fixable.

Now, though, he sat politely as he did every Tuesday. He tucked his feet beneath himself, feeling small, but okay with it. It was easier to come into these sessions feeling youthful and useless. Inadequacy left at the door as he folded himself on the couch.

Onyankopon took to his usual seat opposite Levi, crossed one leg over the other, adjusting his cuffs before his eyes settled firmly on him.

“I feel so fuckin’ bougie sitting here,” he said, slouched on the couch. It was large and comfy, firm. Soft cushions. It made Levi a little uneasy, thinking about all the people that sat here, shedding tears, oil, skin cells and hairs all over the furnishings, but it looked clean. There was a clean smell of polish. One of those plug-in diffusers snapped to the socket in the wall. Levi liked to think it was one of those you got for scared pets, to calm them down. They were all like pets, really. Life’s little bitches.

His therapist laughed. “You say that every week.”

“That’s ‘cause I mean it.”

Today his eyes drew again to the photo of Onyankopon and his father. They were smiling into the camera, arms around each other. The only photos Levi tolerated of himself were ones that had Izzy in, or ones that Erwin insisted on taking, sending them off to a print shop, even though Isabel insisted she could get them printed off at the library for pennies. Levi didn’t enjoy looking at photos of himself, but he enjoyed staring at his family. His husband and his daughter. He had one on his desk at work, had put some on Erwin’s while he was in the hospital.

“Levi, thank you for checking in with me at the weekend. I’m glad you felt comfortable letting me know where you were.”

“Do lots of your clients message you outside of their sessions?” Onyankopon specialised in nutjobs like Levi, the ones with childhood’s harrowing enough that they could barely function as adults. Levi couldn’t imagine spending his career with people as fuckin’ annoying as himself.

“Some of them do when necessary. I was pleased to hear from you. How has the past week gone for you, Levi? I was relieved to hear that Erwin had come round.”

“Every morning I get to see the disappointment on my husband’s face when he realises I’m not his ex-wife,” Levi said. He’d thought it often enough, every morning since Erwin had come round from his coma. He swallowed it down every time the thought almost burst between his lips when Erwin’s hazy, false smile peeled weakly over his lips. Levi said nothing, used fake platitudes instead. They’d worked on negative, impulsive thoughts. Levi had a lot of them over the years. Onyankopon knew about most of them.

“I’m sorry that Erwin’s been struggling with this. It must be hard for the both of you.”

“Erwin doesn’t remember me,” he said. He’d skipped last week’s session, when he knew he shouldn’t have, but last week they were operating on Erwin. Levi felt it would be selfish to attend to his own needs. He’d spent the day pushing his neurosis on Artlet, helping him tidy the office, keeping the two of them busy.

“Memory issues aren’t uncommon with head injuries,” Onyankopon remarked and on anyone else Levi would have made a snide remark, and while he thought it, he realised early on that back-talking his therapist wasn’t the way to go about things. “They are often temporary.”

“He’s lost the last four years. Doesn’t seem close to regaining them.”

“That’s a challenging situation. It must have been a shock.”

“The first thing he did was ask where his wife was.” It stung, even now, even though Levi had been told enough times by Pieck that it wasn’t intentional. Even with Marie out of the picture for so many years, he still felt like he competed with her. He’d lost once, and it would always sting. “He seemed so shocked. So lost. It was embarrassing having to tell him. He couldn’t seem to process the idea of us together. Like it was something so alien.”

“You have history together. Do you think he was really surprised?”

“I don’t know,” Levi said, throwing his hands up, before they dropped to his hair, tugging briefly. He could feel his therapist’s eyes on him, though he didn’t talk about it further. They had a decent relationship now. He knew when to push Levi. When to stop.

“Okay. Talk me through the trip back to Erwin’s father’s house. Whose idea was it?”

“Erwin’s. When I told him about his dad, he said he wanted to go back there, thought that it might help him remember something.” He sighed, curled his fingers over his knees, chin tucked down to his chest. Trying to remember, trying to forget. “I broke his heart, telling him he was dead. He said he knew on some level. That the grief wasn’t so bad.”

Onyankopon’s eyes were warm, and Levi forced himself to look at them, for the stability he often found in them. “Do you believe him?”

“He had a breakdown last time.”

“Is that your medical diagnosis?” A small smile shared between the both of them. Levi tucked his hair behind one ear, looked down at the coffee table between them. Polished, nothing cluttering the surface. Helped calm his mind.

“He fucked me in his hysteria last time. Lost his wife. Ended up here with me. I know he didn’t have any plans to do that otherwise.”

Onyankopon didn’t speak for a time. Levi stared at him, watched him stroke his handsome jaw. He didn’t take notes. He’d hadn’t done so after their first few sessions.

“You’re currently painting your place in his life in a very negative light. Is that something you believe is coming from him?”

“He’s so fuckin’ confused all the time, and I don’t know how to help him. I haven’t fucking told him how we started. Like I said, he could barely handle the second loss of his father. I’m not dumping any more trauma on him.”

Onyankopon didn’t tell him he was an idiot gently, like Pieck had, or more derisively, as Mike did when Levi had told him to keep his mouth shut. Instead, he let the confession sit in the room between them for a moment before nodding his head, and changing direction again.

“How did you find going back to your father-in-law’s house?” Levi was stumped at the wording. He’d never thought of Eric that way. He’d been Mr Smith. Erwin’s dad. Stuffy, mostly kind. Levi had felt more like a charity case in those early years. More complicated afterward. “Take your time answering.”

“I got a little obsessed with cleaning. Disassociated halfway through scrubbing the floor.” He grimaced, thanked some god somewhere that he didn’t believe in, that Erwin had been too distraught and grief-stricken to realise what had happened. He’d come out of it quick enough, told himself it was the fumes from the bleach that had his head aching.

“What triggered you?”

“I think it was being in the kitchen. That’s where — I guess I don’t have good memories in that room with Erwin and with the way he kept talking and thinking about Marie, like he missed her. It just made me… I don’t know.”

“Did you use your grounding techniques?”

“Nah, I had some of Izzy’s weed on me.” Onyankopon raised an eyebrow, but Levi shrugged. “I needed to be strong for Erwin and didn’t want it to be obvious. I planned on smoking just to take the edge off it.”

“Professionally, I have to advise you against self-medicating.”

“Self-medicating? It was half a joint. Not even the good shit. Anyway, he joined me and we, well, it was better after that.”

“Please think about using the tested methods we know are successful, Levi.”

“Yeah yeah.” He batted a hand, embarrassed, annoyed at his embarrassment. A fuckin’ suck up, wanting to impress his therapist with good behaviour. Like a goddamn dog, like a bitch, like a—

He took a breath. A full cycle. Counted to ten. Closed his eyes until the anger dissipated.

He liked Onyankopon; he reminded him a little of Erwin. They shared that effortless charm and charisma. Erwin had suffered beside an unmedicated and highly neurotic Levi during their flight down to Florida a few years back, and still came out the other side considerate and polite, even as he sorted out their lost baggage on the other side.

Onyankopon would be like that with his wife, Levi decided. Though he imagined his wife was nothing like Erwin’s husband. Probably more like Marie; confident and kind for the most part. Sweet. Levi wasn’t sweet.

Levi composed himself further, pleased inside that he’d calmed his anger before it had exploded.

“When we talk, I see his conflict. That he loves me, but that he wants to run away. Like he’s disappointed his life is here and not what it was.”

“Does he tell you he’s disappointed?”

“No.” Levi shrugged, tugged on one of his strands from his hoodie. He was acting like a teenager, like Isabel whenever Levi asked her to cover the teashop, or clean up after herself, or not trample glitter over every surface in the house that she didn’t even fucking live in anymore. “He thinks he’s good at hiding things from me. He’s always thought that.”

“Since before you were in a relationship?”

“Yeah. Can read him like a book,” Levi said. He was wearing leggings and one of Erwin’s hoodies. He could smell the faint scent of faded cologne. Levi didn’t wear cologne, but Erwin was old-fashioned like that and had used the same brand since they’d first met. Levi liked the mix against the scent of the detergent he used. Made them feel blended together. Therapy left him feel exposed, and Erwin’s large sweaters were the best form of comfort.

Not as good as the shared naps they would take after Levi got home every Tuesday, or Erwin’s hand in his hair when it was an awful session. He’d curled up in the crook of Erwin’s arm, using his steady heartbeat as a grounding method; cry himself to sleep with Erwin’s affirmations in the form of the gentle touching, or the expensive camomile tea, brewed in the pot Erwin had bought him when they first got together.

It wouldn’t be like that tonight because Erwin didn’t know where Levi had been, and he didn’t know the best way to soothe him anymore. And even though therapy wasn’t traumatising enough to leave Levi sobbing like that anymore, he wouldn’t remember it, anyway.

“Fuck Erwin,” he said eventually, when the thought of arriving home and having to pretend got the better of him. Levi would have to hide it. Needed to be strong and normal, and a decent enough husband that Erwin wouldn’t think him any different. “He can go fuck himself.”

“There’s a lot of anger in you, Levi.”

“Yeah, I’m fuckin’ angry.”

“At Erwin?”

Levi shrugged, guilt snaking in his guts. He shouldn’t be angry at Erwin. It wasn’t his fault his head got scrambled, wasn't his fault he’d forgotten everything that had made the last two years so special. Nothing in Levi’s life had ever been special. No one had ever made him seem worthwhile.

“I’m pissed off because maybe he’s forgotten because he wants to. Doesn’t love me enough.” It sounded pathetic, and Levi wouldn’t tell anyone that. Would sooner tell them to fuck off than let them know, but Onyankopon was different. Levi paid him money to listen to this bullshit.

“And yet you and I know the mind doesn’t work like that.”

“He chose her over me once.” Don’t linger, he told himself. Don’t linger on the insecurity. Erwin loved him. Loved him even when he refused him, when he kissed Levi in the closet at Mike’s wedding. In the hours before his own, when Levi had admitted his continued feelings and Erwin had again denied him, despite so clearly wanting to do the opposite. “When he first woke up… He didn’t touch me for days.”

“What changed?”

“We got high on my daughter’s stash,” Levi said, still staring up at the ceiling. Cobwebs were collecting over the fan, a thin layer of dust skating the wings. “You need to clean your fan. It’s fuckin’ gross.”

“Ah, thank you Levi,” Onyankopon said. He had a pleasant voice. Soothing and warm, even when he was infuriating Levi. He did that a lot. Infuriated him, not so much now, but before when Levi was sicker. “I’ll make sure it’s done before your next session. I would like us to return to our conversation.”

“We got high and had sex in his childhood bed.”

“How did that make you feel?”

“Good, I guess. I used to want to do that a lot.”

“Have sex in his childhood bed?”

Levi kept his neck craned to the ceiling, fingers bunched into the sleeves of his sweater so that he didn’t have to look. “I heard him fucking his ex-wife in it once. They were only just dating. The day after Christmas.”

“The day after your birthday.”

“Uh-huh.” Levi skirted the memory for his own embarrassment. He’d been so open back then, so brittle. Cried most of the night after their kiss in the kitchen, cried more in the morning when he heard them at it, when he himself had imagined different scenarios not days before. Seducing Erwin back, somehow. “Erwin’s loud in bed. He doesn’t think he is, gets flustered when I say he is, but it’s true. He was trying to be quiet. Trying to be considerate ‘cause he knew I was in the bedroom next door, and that I was in love with him or whatever. Bet he thought about me when he was fucking her. Bet he felt really guilty after.”

Levi didn’t particularly enjoy talking about sex with his therapist, and they had talked a lot about it over the past year; Levi’s issues, or whatever. Onyankopon called it his trauma, but he hated that word. Everyone had some trauma or other. He didn’t want to be picked out for his. Better than being a survivor. He’d been called that before. A word he despised even more. He had survived nothing worse than what other people had been through.

“How did you cope with the intimacy?”

“I was stoned,” Levi laughed a little thick. His neck was aching from where he had twisted it to stare up at the ceiling, but he’d get too defensive if he looked at his therapist. Better to stay at this weird angle than do anything else. “I let him take the lead.”

“If you’re intimate with him again, I would suggest explaining your boundaries to him. Taking part only if you feel comfortable doing so.”

“Do you think I’m stupid?” Levi snorted, even as Onyankopon responded calmly that he didn’t think Levi stupid at all. “I explained it to him the second time. Explained the traffic light system, and he asked if we were kinky. Didn’t know how to tell him I was just fucked up in bed.”

Levi had lied to Erwin. Lied to him about their first time, but only because he could see how hard Erwin was trying and he wanted to prove that this relationship was right. That it was good; that he was good for Erwin.

When was the right time to explain the origins of their romance? ‘Yeah, you put your hands between my legs and your tongue down my throat not a half hour after we put your dad in the ground? You had me seeing fucking stars even as you wept against the back of my neck? You only stuck the tip in, but that was enough to have you coming in fucking minutes?’

None of it sounded palatable. He wasn’t Erwin, couldn’t dress it up in round-about ways, make it sound better than it was. That it was good. He’d felt bad about it, of course he had, but what he’d described had been closer to what they’d had after. When it stopped being some disgusting affair in the immediate aftermath of Eric’s death, and slipped into something softer; legitimate.

“We’ve been working on your need to be kinder to yourself.” Levi faded back in on his therapist’s words. His lips curled in disgust and he finally tucked his neck down, rubbing at the back of his head where he was stiff.

“I don’t have fuckin’ time for that anymore.”

“Then you need to make time. How have you found fitting in your routines over the past week?”

“I’m running every morning, the same route we set out. Cleaning schedule at home. I haven’t needed to use the timer. Like I said, I slipped up a little at Eric’s, but came out of it okay.”

“This is a traumatic experience for the both of you, but I want you to make sure you stick as much as you can to the routines we set out. Would you feel comfortable sharing the reasons with Erwin so he understands why they’re important?”

“I’m not explaining shit to him. I’ve been in love with him since forever. Can’t say the same for him anymore.”

“Why don’t you think he loves you anymore?”

“It took him a long-ass time to come to terms with his feelings for me and now he’s lost all of it. I spent last week staring at him in that hospital bed, just wishing he would wake up, but now the best times we have are the ones where he’s asleep.”

“Why do you say that?”

“‘Cause he’s still the same Erwin when he’s asleep. He snores when he’s on his back and he mumbles useless shit in his sleep, and he’s warm when I’m always cold and it’s like it was before the accident and I can pretend. Before he wakes up and looks so lost. Like he’s about to ask for Marie until he remembers. I just want to look after him. I want him to find affection for me outside of sex.”

Onyankopon stared at Levi in that way he found painful, like they had flayed his nerves open, exposed. He bit at his bottom lip, felt the heat rising in his cheeks.

“I can’t force you to do anything, Levi, but we’ve worked hard on keeping open communication between you and Erwin, and I suggest you sit down and have a candid conversation with him.”

Levi tugged on the cord dangling from his hood, rolled it around his finger until it pinched. He did it again and again until he sighed. “If I’m honest with him, it might change things. I can’t… it isn’t like I’m lying. Not really. Not about the things that matter.”

“What are the things that matter?”

His finger was turning red in the parts not wrapped around the cord, but it distracted him just a little. “My kid. My marriage.”

“Your family.”

“That’s what I said.” He untangled his finger, watched where the skin had turned white from the tension. He wiggled it until the tingling sensation disappeared. Onyankopon’s eye fell down to it, but he didn’t comment.

“How’s Isabel doing with this?”

“She’s okay. She seems to breeze through everything.”

Onyankopon always did this, and Levi had called him out on it in the past, ending the session by talking about his daughter. In the past, Levi had spent the entire session almost silent until Isabel was brought up, and then he couldn’t stop.

“And the relationship between the two of them?”

“Erwin looks at her like he’s confused and she teases him endlessly. I guess there’s a big difference between eighteen and fourteen. She’d been a brat at the wedding, and I snapped at her. Then Erwin kissed the breath out of me and left me again.”

“He’s relearning how to be a stepfather.”

“He was never a stepfather. He was always just Erwin to her. I don’t think she really remembers how close we all were back before, although she used to call him uncle Erwy. She doesn't think of him like a dad. I guess one is enough.” He scratched the back of his neck, a flash of all his terrible parental mistakes running through his mind. “She never really connected with Zeke. When Erwin and I got together, I ran it past her first, to make sure it was okay with her.”

“If she’d said no, would you have ended things?”

Isabel had been Izzy about it. Squealed a little, threw her arms around him, and made a crass comment about indoor picnics that she would stay away from. He hadn’t ever considered what he’d done if she’d been upset about it.

“Maybe I’d ask her why,” he said eventually. “Unfortunately, she’s always been aware of my feelings for him. I can’t imagine her ever telling me she wasn’t happy for me.”

“You’ve always had good communication with your daughter.”

“Yeah, well, that’s just ‘cause I didn’t know what I was doing half the time.” Levi laughed, squeezed his arms. “Erwin doesn’t know how to fit into our family anymore. He thinks he doesn’t belong. There’s been some shitty moments this last week. I don’t know how to fix it.”

“What elements have been good?”

“When we’re intimate, it’s better. The sex is good and I feel like, for a moment, that he gets it. That he’s my Erwin.” Levi squeezed his own elbows, for the pressure, for how it pulled him out of memories he didn’t want to fall into. “Ultimately being with me confuses him.”

“What confuses him?”

“Because he’s gone back to thinking I’m some kind of forbidden fruit to be avoided at all costs, that the sun shine’s out of his shitty ex-wife’s ass. Still kissed me, though. At Mike’s wedding. Stuck his tongue down my throat and then panicked so hard he didn’t speak to me for nearly two years.”

“Do you think that Erwin’s love for you is less because he can’t remember?”

“No.” Levi’s eyes stung at the comment, aware that the answer was different to what he’d provided earlier in the session. Onyankopon, fucking Onyankopon, always cutting through Levi’s nastiness to get to what he wanted. “I don’t know, maybe. I don’t want to talk about it anymore.”

“That’s okay. I’m glad you’re moving away from believing that to be true. We can pick the thread up again next week.” Levi narrowed his eyes, but didn’t verbalise his annoyance. “How’s the teashop?”

“Alright. Better now I’m not at the hospital all the time.” Most of his time in the hospital had blurred now. He’d barely left Erwin’s side, and when he had, it had been to take care of Erwin’s antique shop, to make sure little blondie was coping. It was easier to take care of other people than to deal with his own thoughts and feelings. “The brats have been back. They look after each other, but I’ll look after them. Gabi’s so quiet. It isn’t right.”

“If you have concerns, you ought to contact social services.”

Levi wanted to give a whole fuck you to Onyankopon for that. Levi’s entire experience of social services was them taking him away from his uncle, from people that almost cared for him, and making him terrified that even putting a toe outta line would see them grab Isabel in their rotten hands.

They’d threatened enough when he’d gone and gotten himself knocked up as a kid. He didn’t trust the state with himself, didn’t trust them with those two kids. He worried what would happen if they were ever split up, didn’t have to wonder too hard about the things that could happen to Gabi in particular.

But he took a breath and glared at his therapist, pleased with himself that he didn’t explode. That was twice he’d been able to hold himself back in one session.

“Your experience isn’t universal, but I understand why you’re concerned.”

“I don’t encroach. Erwin, before the accident, he told me “don’t encroach” like I’d cause a scene or some shit. Don’t have plans to do that. Just want them safe. I make sure they do their homework and I make sure they have something decent to eat. Tea to drink. They’re both so serious. They deserve to be kids. S’why I always give ‘em something sweet because their dumb little faces light up. Like Erwin’s used to when I gave him an extra slice of pie in the diner. Or when I stole Izzy a Pez dispenser shaped like Ariel when she was little. She carried it around in her sticky hand for months.”

“What are you planning to do regarding the fostering application? Before the accident, you and Erwin hadn’t come to a decision.”

“He doesn’t know. What’s the point in telling him? He didn’t want to do it then. He won’t be in a place to do it now.”

“That’s another reason I’d like you to think about open communication between now and our next session, Levi. Think about how you communicate with your daughter, yet struggle with Erwin.”

“He has a brain injury for one,” Levi said, watching Onyankopon stare down at his watch. Levi pulled out his phone, noticed they only had five minutes left.

“Communication has been an ongoing issue between the two of you. Think about the issues he has with fostering - you never really came together to reach a decision.”

“I could be lying to you right now about all of this, you know. Maybe I’ve told him everything. Maybe I’m lying to you instead.”

“You could be,” his therapist agreed. “But you promised to stop lying to me four sessions in. Don’t you remember?”

“Weird that you keep count on that,” Levi said darkly, hiding his smile when Onyankopon laughed. He watched Onyankopon stand up from his chair and head over to the mini refrigerator in the corner. Sometimes the hum annoyed Levi, sometimes he found it soothing. Still, he opened it and pulled out a bottle of water and handed it to Levi.

“Your wife dropped yet?” Levi asked, accepting the water. He twisted the lid clean off and drowned half the bottle, feeling the cool trickle down his throat, pooling in his stomach.

“In a few days.”

His wife was pregnant. Levi found out because he’d seen her once, when he was sitting parked outside, his usual ten minutes early. She’d been wearing cord overalls, stretched over her bump as she walked to her car. Their first kid.

“Will next week’s session be cancelled?” Levi liked to know things ahead of time, came from having Isabel, having to make sure he had money for things she needed, for activities and clubs, and working around her. Helped keep his own anxieties in check.

“If I need to cancel, I will message you, Levi.”

“Whatever you name it, make sure it’s something decent. You know the amount of playdates I had to suffer through with kids named Neveah and shit?”

“Neveah?”

“Heaven backwards. Might as well just name your kid Hell and be done with it.”

“Thank you for the advice. Remember your homework for the next session - think about how you communicate with the different people in your family. Keep yourself safe, don’t be afraid to use any of the grounding techniques and routines,” Onyankopon said as Levi slid his feet back into his sneakers and stood up. Already, he felt that post-therapy ache settling in.

He shook Onyankopon’s hand before he left. “See you, I guess.”

“Goodbye Levi.”





Session Two


Chapter Notes

I realised I didn't have this listed as a multi-chapter thing oops. It was originally four parts, but I'm going to slap a fifth chapter on the end to tie this and the original story up (hence the rating change).



See the end of the chapter for more notes



Levi was sucking on mints like no one’s business. He’d been smoking more in the last week, and hated the scent lingering, hated the dependence on the nicotine, hated that he was hiding it from Erwin. Not that Erwin should give a fuck that Levi was smoking in the first place, but he abhorred the idea of slipping into some addiction, depending on something other than himself..

Felt guilty too, about bringing the scent of it into his therapist’s office, but stress, man. Levi only had a few vices, and it was one of them. He should feel better this week, he kept telling himself. Erwin didn’t remember jack, but he was getting better. They both were.

Levi’s tongue was sore from the harsh sucking of peppermints, and when he asked for water before they even began, his tongue was numb to the sensation of water as he swallowed. They said their usual greetings to one another or Onyankopon did. Levi just grunted. He sat on the couch, shoes tucked beside him, feet drawn up beneath him. Sighed heavily and looked over at his therapist.

Onyankopon looked tired. He had shadows pocketing beneath his eyes; an annoying patch of dark stubble he’d forgotten by his neck, and a slight smile on his face, a haze of happiness surrounding him. His therapist had cancelled his last session without explaining why, though Levi had guessed.

“Congratulations,” Levi said, placing the water bottle beside him. “You should have cancelled for another week. I don’t want to take time away from your kid.”

“Thank you, Levi.”

He shrugged his shoulder. Wished he’d bought something. Diapers or a playsuit. Probably not appropriate. Levi was never sure about these things.

“All healthy?”

“Yes, very. Healthy mother and daughter.” No names. That would be unprofessional, he figured, though Levi was pleased for him. He could tell Onyankopon would be a good father; he cared. If he was good to Levi, who didn’t deserve a goddamn thing, he would be good to his kid too.

“Did she have a bowel movement? No one told me about that…” No one told Levi anything, they just passed looks over his head, avoiding the swell in his stomach as he grew and grew and grew, the long line of intervention specialists and social-workers standing around like he was a time bomb they didn’t know how to dismantle.

“Planned C-section.”

“Lucky.” Levi folded his arms, stared down at his socked feet. “Izzy was natural. Kenny was there… they let him in for that. He smelled like shit, but he held my hand.” His fingers traced over his flat abdomen. “You shit yourself when you give birth, and you bleed for weeks, and you fucking leak even if it’s not your kid crying, even if you’re in fuckin’ calculus. Your body doesn’t care.”

Levi never spoke about this. Not back then and not now. He was so disconnected from the kid he had been. Pregnancy and birth felt so unrelated to actually raising Isabel. He treasured those moments after school, when he attended, where he would come back to the group home and get to see his baby, hold her in his arms and hide away in his bedroom.

Onyankopon and his wife, their life wouldn’t be much like Levi’s had been, barely fourteen and with a child, no family and no prospects. They were professionals, good people, everything meticulously planned. Even the birth scheduled to the hour.

“You’re very quiet today,” Onyankopon said quietly, when a healthy minute had passed. “How has this week been?”

“Talking about your kid is making me think about mine. I keep going through the back catalogue of history I have with her. When she was six and broke her wrist falling from a tree. When the kids at school rubbed bubblegum in her hair and I had to cut it to her shoulders. Then I had to cut her Barbie’s hair to match.” He’d pulled her from school when he found out how bad the bullying had got. She found her footing at another school, but she’d hated it. The thought of going through all that again with another one was exhausting. Izzy had survived his parenting skills, but he wasn’t sure he’d be any good with a second one. She was mostly fluke.

“I’d have to come off T if I had another kid naturally,” Levi said. “I’m still young. Erwin knocked me up on T so it won’t be a problem,” Levi said, trying to imagine it. He hadn’t enjoyed being pregnant, but he’d been thirteen, a fucking child, and he’d had to deal with his body changing in ways that had terrified him at the time. The nightmares that came along with all of it.

He was at peace with his body, liked it mostly, but pregnancy brought limitations, brought assumptions he fought against. After almost a decade on T, he wasn’t sure how he felt about coming off it.

“Fuck it. Erwin’s bound to make fat babies. You think I’d be able to carry them?”

Onyankopon had frown lines settling by his mouth, his brow furrowed. “Have you spoken about having a child with him?”

“No, he doesn’t want any. I mean, not really bothered, is more like it. I had Isabel, and there’s Gabi and Falco, but they’ll be teenagers in a few years, so it’s different. Not that they’re anywhere close to being ours. And there’s little blondie, but he’s like twenty-one, so I don’t think he counts.”

He could feel himself becoming erratic, the panic slipping like sweat from his body in waves. Better than the anger that kept snapping at his heels last week, but he felt crazier with this.

He took breaths, held them in for a few seconds and let them out, deflating with his lungs. Onyankopon waited for him at the other end of his panic, pleased probably, that it hadn’t sparked into anything more than a threat.

“You’ve mentioned before that you didn’t want to have anymore.”

“I was relieved when I met Zeke and he told me he’d already had a vasectomy. Avoided at least one awkward conversation, I guess. I always felt like… because I already had one, I’d be expected to have more.”

“I know you told me in the past that you and Erwin had already agreed you wouldn’t have anymore. You were taking precautions after what happened last year.”

“Yeah, we’re always on the same page.” Thank god, one of only good things about having Izzy so young was the fact that no one he knew now was around to have seen him like that.

“Can you tell me why you brought up the subject of children just now?”

“Because you’ve just had one. Got me thinking you and your wife are probably the opposite of me and Erwin. Everything well planned and organised. Bet you share your fuckin’ google calendars with each other and plan date nights.”

“Do you and Erwin go on any date nights?”

“Sometimes we spend our Fridays down the local roller-rink,” Levi snorted, then sobered. It wasn’t the same anymore. “Not really. He comes to the teashop sometimes, drinks tea I made special for him even if he doesn’t like the taste.”

Levi rubbed his knee to push away the prickle of embarrassment. His Erwin had always said he loved it and he had no idea it had been bullshit. He could ask Onyankopon whether tastes could change with amnesia, but he didn’t want to embarrass himself.

“Levi, we spoke last week about your unwillingness to explain the beginnings of your relationship with Erwin. Has that changed?”

Onyankopon was real good at catching Levi out. Back before, when Levi was a little bitch, weeping all over his office, maybe he’d have kicked up a fuss, lied even more. Onyankopon was the one person who got it real from Levi.

“No. I’ve still been lying to him,” he said honestly.

“Why?”

“‘Cause I don’t want him to leave me.” He rubbed at the side of his nose, even though it didn’t itch. “He’s been having flashbacks. Sometimes I feel this relief because now he knows what it’s like, but then he tells me what he remembers and I don’t know how to fuckin’ respond.”

“What things has he remembered?”

“That I lost his baby,” Levi said. The ugliest one. The worst thing he could remember outside of their shitty affair. It seemed entirely unfair that he couldn’t remember a single good memory from their time together. Not even the mediocre.

“Why are you using the phrase ‘lost his baby?’”

“’Cause I fuckin’ did.”

“You’ve never used that phrase before.”

“He got me pregnant while I was shooting up hormones on the regular.”

“You admitted only a few minutes ago that neither of you are that interested in having children biologically.”

“No, but—” Levi sighed, rubbing at his face. God, he hated therapy, and he hated Onyankopon for seeing through him all the goddamn time. “But it would tie him to me. If he left me now, I’d never see him again. If we had a kid, it’d be different. He’d have to deal with me for at least eighteen more years.”

Levi listened to the hum of the small refrigerator in the room, the gentle wash of tires driving from the street outside, the rustle of fabric as he folded himself tighter on the couch. His face was red, humiliated. Onyankopon waited long enough for Levi to regret it before speaking.

“I know you’re aware that’s a deeply unhealthy thought.”

“Yeah, it’s how I feel. He’s left me before, but it always felt like he’d come back to me. If he left me again, it would be for good. There wouldn’t be any point to continue.”

“Is that your biggest concern?”

Levi nodded. “Our relationship has lost all nuance. I kept thinking it would come back - he would come back, but it’s beyond that now. If I come home and he remembers, I know it won’t be like before.”

“Because he’ll know you lied to him.”

“Not about everything.”

“What. Are the things you have lied about?”

“I told him his marriage was over before we got together. That was a lie. We had sex three or four times. Once at the wake. A few times in my hotel room when I came to stay. Marie must’ve found out. ‘Cause she revealed it at the party. And that’s the worst part, you know? Having to pretend that they broke up all amicably that she didn’t…” Levi screwed his face up. He tried, sometimes, to be rational about things. Her anger was justifiable. Erwin had betrayed her, Levi too, but still.

“I don’t give a fuck that people don’t like me. Why should they? But when they use the fact that I’m trans as a fuckin’ gotcha point, I have a problem with them. Yeah, I fucked her husband, but she tried to shame him not because he fucked someone else, but he fucked a freak like me. I have an issue with that.”

“Do you believe her dislike of you stems from being trans?”

“I don’t think it fuckin’ matters,” he said. “I don’t consider that the deciding factor in whether someone likes me. Mike doesn’t like me, but it’s not because I’m a trans dude.”

“Why do you think Mike dislikes you?”

“Because I’m an asshole.” It was a joke, but Onyankopon didn’t laugh. Levi rolled his eyes, refocused. “Same reason Erwin’s dad didn’t like me. They just didn’t think I was right for him. Not good enough, not smart enough, not palatable enough for their fuckin’ tastes. Not that I blame Mike much right now. He knows I’ve lied to Erwin.”

“Have you spoken with Mike about it?”

“Nah, I hung up when he started bitching. I know I shouldn’t have lied to Erwin, but I panicked when he asked. And it doesn’t fucking matter now. Marie’s married with a couple'a kids. She doesn’t want him back, and he’s married to me. We’re all over it. It’s not Mike’s business, it’s not anyone else’s how I go about my relationship.”

“And yet you don’t feel comfortable explaining this to him.”

“Nope.”

“Can I pull on a different thread??” Onyankopon asked, and Levi nodded his head, tapping his fingers against his knee. His blood was pumping fast in his chest, trying to calm his own irrationality down.

“Sure.”

“You just claimed that Erwin’s father didn’t like you, but from everything we’ve discussed over the years, you remained close with him. How did you reach that decision?”

“My feelings are complicated with Erwin’s father,” Levi said eventually, when he thought about the question. “He liked me well enough as a surrogate son, I guess, but the money he left me felt like a payoff. ‘Thanks for staying away from Erwin. Here’s some stability so you can finally give your daughter the life she deserves.’”

“Did you ever talk to him about it?”

“He tried sometimes. Tried to tell me that first love would always hurt the night we watched Erwin get married. He didn’t know that the day before I’d already asked Erwin to — I don’t know, fuckin’ run away from his responsibilities with me. He felt guilty because he thought I’d have got over him by that point, and he felt bad because Erwin could play-pretend in his cushy little life on the West Coast, but both of us could see he wasn’t really happy.”

Levi poked his tongue out, wetted his lips where they had dried excessively as he spoke.

“After he got married, everyone was always telling me why don’t you meet someone? Like they would feel better if I just moved on and they could forget I’d ever been involved in the first place. Even Erwin tried to eradicate his own guilt when he told me he was getting married by telling me to move on.”

“Is that why you met Zeke?”

“I watched Erwin marry someone else. I wanted to feel something. So yeah, I met some other big blond dude. He was weird, but I didn’t mind, really.”

“Would you like to discuss Zeke?”

Levi rarely did. Zeke had been, what? Just a distraction, someone he tried to use as a balm to forget about Erwin, to get people off his case, to help him heal from the things that had happened previously. Things that he had no real understanding of, and Zeke even less so. That it didn’t end in total disaster was a fluke, he figured, more than anything else.

“We weren’t in love. We were just… there. He wanted something from me. I needed him to move past Erwin. I always… I always knew having sex again would be difficult for me, s’why I wanted to do it with Erwin because I trusted him to take care of it, but I think I’m glad it wasn’t him. That our first time together wasn’t like that.” It was a blur now. He had a tendency to block things out. He just remembered the blood smeared beneath Zeke’s nose and his own throbbing knuckles, angry at Zeke for finding him attractive, for wanting him, when all he felt was filthy and disgusting.

How feeling naked and sore wasn’t absolved by the bath he’d taken, how the only thing that made it better was Erwin’s voice down the phone, so they could pretend, for a little while, that it was real. That Erwin was with him. Grounding him before he ever knew what the fuck that meant. Pretending that they were together, as if Erwin hadn’t married someone else and Levi hadn’t become a total wreck in the process.

“We didn’t have uh penetrative sex that often, me and Zeke. We used toys a lot. Had my first orgasm with a vibrator. Shot days were okay. We fucked then. Um. Oral sex was alright — fuck, you know I hate talking about my sex life with you.”

Onyankopon laughed. “You brought it up, Levi. I’m here to listen if you want me to.”

“Zeke was patient. After we — after that first time. I didn’t exactly tell him what had happened, but he knew enough. He started researching, started telling me how we should fuck, started sounding like a talking fucking pamphlet about how to fuck a trauma victim.”

“How did you react to that?”

“I didn’t want to be a failure, not with that.” Levi had understood his intentions, even if the delivery confused the hell out of him. “It wasn’t wrong with him, it just wasn’t right. When it ended, neither of us were that disappointed.”

“I’ve always enjoyed the idea that some people last for seasons and not a lifetime.”

Levi rolled his eyes at the seasons shit. Sounded like a Smith comment, something Erwin or his father would spout instead of speaking honestly.

“Erwin is a lifetime. We need each other. It’s happiness and understanding and fucking acceptance, and that’s why I can’t lose him. It’s why I can’t tell him all the shitty things we did, because guilt is second nature to him and I don’t want him pulling away. His dad is dead. There shouldn’t be anything stopping us from being together.”

“Because he stood in the way last time?”

“I didn’t really get it. Erwin was a grown-ass man at that point. He didn’t need to listen to what his dad said, but he always held what he thought and said in such high regard. Was always so afraid of going against him. He learned shame from him.”

“Do you understand why Eric wasn’t happy with the relationship?”

“Fuck yeah. Look, I’ve got an eighteen-year-old. If she came home with someone older, I’d be concerned too, but—” he licked his lips, tried to rationalise. It was hard. People didn’t understand. “I was a kid, but I wasn’t, you know? They used to make me go to this group for trans kids and they would talk about bands and activism and what was right and what was wrong and I was just trying to make sure I made enough in tips to cover the rent, to make sure I could buy Izzy a new pair of boots because it was winter and I was having to put her in three pairs of socks to keep her feet warm in the only pair of sneakers I could afford. What they were saying wasn’t wrong, but it wasn’t something I could think about.”

“You don’t think the concern should have applied?”

“It was too late at that point. I’d already had the innocence fucked out of me.” The words were foul in his mouth, drenched in anger that he’d tried for years to put behind him. There was no point dwelling. Would rather skip the already detonated missile. “I don’t want to talk about it.”

“I know you don’t. That’s okay. Drink some water, Levi. Take a breath. Afterwards, I want you to think about the parts of Erwin you love the most.”

Levi nodded his head, grabbing the bottle of water and taking three large sips. The water travelled down his throat. He felt better for the water, for stepping away from the memories that still tinged poison in his mind. “You want me to think it or say it?”

“I’d prefer to hear your thought process if you’re comfortable.”

“When we first met, he was this big blond idiot, asleep in the lecture hall like he was too good for his lecture. I bet that’s what his professor thought. Erwin has this way of pissing off professionals. He looks like one of them, talks like one of them, but he isn’t. Everyone had something to say about me back then. Even if they didn’t say it, it was all over their face. A kid with a kid. Didn’t really pass, just everyone was too afraid to say it to my face, but when he looked at me, it was — it was like he assessed every part of who I was and accepted it fully. Never presumed I was anything other than who I was. Didn’t ask questions, or try to poke holes in my identity. People do that even if you think you’re friends. I was always just Levi to him, nothing else registered.”

“He was a good friend.”

“He started coming to my diner, and he seemed so please to see me. Even when I was rude to him, even when my toddler was nagging at him as he studied, he made time for her - for us. Even now, when he looks at me, it’s like nothing else matters to him.”

“Is that something rare?”

“I’m not a little bitch about these things,” Levi said, resting his elbows on his knees. Talking about Erwin, about the parts of him he loved, raised a tingling sensation in his gut, in his lungs, in the tips of his fingers. “I don’t seek validation from anyone.”

“I’m aware of that, Levi.” Onyankopon’s smile was small, but real. Levi could tell in how it lifted to his eyes.

“He finds strength in me. Turns to me like I’m some stabilising force. I like it. Makes me feel special, makes me feel like I’m better than anyone else, because he trusts me more than anyone else. People fall at his feet because he’s some big blonde god. Smart, hot, kind. He’s all those things, but he’s mine. He’s all mine. I gotta protect him. I’m gonna keep protecting him.”

“Do you think your dishonesty is protecting him?”

“Yes.” Levi clamped his teeth again, affection in his thoughts for his husband falling away at Onyankopon’s comment. “I’m not letting him fall back into his fuckin’ constant cycle of self-hatred and guilt. That shitty family of his, they put so much on Erwin. He was supposed to be this second coming, fancy as fuck Smith lawyer. They didn’t want him fucking around with someone like me.”

“Someone like you?”

“Get with it. I was rough. I had a kid and no money, no family. I worked as a waiter at best, a janitor at worst, but my friends were all college kids. Nothing going for me, but you know what, at least what shitty family I had, didn’t try to guilt trip me into being something other than what I am.”

“Kenny was supportive?”

“Kenny was Kenny. Wasted half the time, kind of okay about it when he remembered I existed. When I first told him he thought it’d at least stop me going down the same route as my mom, but then when he found out I was knocked up he got so mad he said ‘your mama didn’t have you ‘till she was sixteen and she was paid to fuck about.’” Levi pinched his lips together, backed away from another memory that wasn’t worth the anguish. “He was better with Isabel. When she was seven, he got her these sick cowboy boots. Brand new. Which meant they were stolen ‘cause nothing new got in his hands any other way, but she wore them everywhere even when her feet outgrow them and she got blisters on the tops of her toes. And he always called me Levi from the moment I asked him to.”

Levi didn’t want to talk about Kenny anymore. He wasn’t sure why he even started talking about him in the first place. Kenny reminded him too much of a time before, of being young and afraid, and so fucking angry.

Levi stood up. Rare of him to do these days. He was better at staying calm, at breathing his way to a place that allowed him to continue. Not today, though. His hands fisted into his hair as he paced to the window, staring through the foliage skirting the window frame.

“Levi, are you okay?” Onyankopon asked calmly. Levi could feel his eyes on him as he paced about the room. He nodded his head but took a few turns about the room, pushed his socked toes into the hessian rug. He didn’t answer, and Onyankopon didn’t push.

After a few deep breaths, he walked over to the seat again and fell into it, eyes down on the coffee table between them. He curved his back, nose to his knees for a moment before flopping backwards.

“I think I’m falling into shitty habits. Might as well tell you now before you weasel it out of me,” Levi said, when he glanced at the clock and noticed the ten minutes left.

“What habits?”

“Sex.” Levi tucked his arms over his waist. Tucked his chin. Juvenile. The kind of pose he berated Isabel for falling into when he was well aware she’d learned from him. “When he asks me questions, I don’t want to answer. I just — we just — you know. Need me to spell it out?”

“Why do you think you fall into sex?”

“Because we’re fucking good at it?” He snorted, looked away. “Even with his brain as it is… it’s like Erwin knows how to make it good for me, and it feels normal. Feels like before. There are parts of myself I never — no one else has had.”

“That’s not unusual with trusting someone completely.”

“I was talking about anal.”

Onyankopon gave him a flat look, unimpressed. Levi grit his teeth until he was sure he’d cut his tongue on them. “Would you like to discuss this seriously, Levi?”

He did. He just didn’t know how. “I do it ‘cause that way I’m giving him something good rather than something bad. Like, you know, something that would want him staying around.”

“I know you don’t believe that to be healthy.”

“Obviously not, or I wouldn’t be here.” He dropped his head down, mood plummeting. “How the fuck do you fix that?”

“You know what I’m going to say.”

“Talk to him.”

“I imagine he’s very confused.”

“Join the club. I’m practical. I can help him get his career on track. We can fuck, but I’m no good at the emotional bit. I don’t know. Maybe he should see a shrink.”

“Would Erwin be open to the idea of therapy for himself?”

“He’s always been resistant to anything like that.” Not that Levi had tried all that hard to get him to see someone, but he’d brought it up in the past, and been shut down quick enough that he hadn’t bothered arguing.

“I’m not having another kid as some shit form of healing, either. Sorry I said that shit earlier,” Levi admitted eventually. “Izzy was a skinny little thing when she was born, but even she was a bitch to push out. Erwin’s fat-ass children are not landing anywhere near my womb.”

Onyankopon didn’t school his features; his lips dimpled at the corners. He could pick the humour out of Levi’s words most of the time. He didn’t indulge or encourage, but Levi hid his own response behind a hand folded over his mouth.

“Have you had anymore dissociative episodes since our last session, Levi?” Onyankopon redirected again and Levi moved his hand from lips, focused again.

Levi shook his head. “No, I’ve been better this week. I feel safer in my relationship with Erwin, and that helps. Sometimes he asks questions and I panic and then, uh, well, like I said, I initiate sex. I don’t want to do that. I don’t like that I do it, but I don’t know how to stop it.”

“I think you know a good place to start his opening the line of communication with him. Please think about telling Erwin if you feel uncomfortable, or someone else if you feel yourself slipping. Is there someone you’d feel safe talking with?”

Isabel had been worried about him when Erwin had been in hospital. His kid worried about him too much already and he wouldn’t burden her with anything else. He could talk to Pieck, but he hated burdening her as well. He wished he could just be normal, could just function like every other person in his life.

“I’ll think about it,” he said, which was as close to the truth as a lie. He wanted to speak honestly. His eyes slipped up to the clock. Their time was nearly up. “You got any homework for me?”

“No homework, just take care of yourself. Make time for yourself. You have people in your life that care about you, Levi. Make use of them.” Levi snorted, rubbed at the sharp points of his elbows. He didn’t know how to do that, wouldn’t know where to start.

Levi left feeling strung out and tired; a dry ache that a good cry wouldn’t fix. It was funny, the different ways his sessions affected him. Sometimes it was just a tired ache, sometimes it was an embarrassing weepiness that he hid from everyone. He’d shut himself away in the bedroom, and Erwin would come in silently after an hour, just to rub Levi’s back.

Isabel interrupted his drive home, calling him out of the blue. Levi’s car, as old as it was, had no hands-free, so he answered and swiped her to speaker with a quick look down, balancing the phone on the car’s dashboard. It slid across the plastic as he took the sharp exit from Onyankopon’s road.

“I know how you get when you skip out on a session,” she said lightly, when he grunted a questioning noise to her call. “Did ya get in touch with your inner child, or what?”

“Fuck you.”

“Wow, talking to your own flesh and blood like that, I’m hurt!” She cackled loudly, so much so that Levi winced, muttering beneath his breath.

“What the fuck is an inner child?”

“Dunno. Shrinky shit, I guess.” She paused as he pulled up in the slow-moving traffic. “For serious how was it?”

“Fine. And I didn’t skip out. My shrink had a kid, so they cancelled last week.”

“Yeah, and because you didn’t have a session last week, you’re crankier than normal. Which is why I’m calling. ‘Cause I’m nice like that,” she chided cheerfully down the phone. He sucked his teeth, but she knew him too well to deny it. His hands had been shaking on the steering wheel when he first set off for home, but with the sound of Isabel’s voice, he was calming.

“I’m okay,” he promised. He would be. In the morning, he’d feel better for the session. It was just the immediate aftermath that always left him feeling so shitty.

“I called Erwin. I told him you don’t eat after a session so he should eat before you get back, ‘cause I knew you wouldn’t tell him. He didn’t remember. He’s going to pretend he totally knew that, but you can thank me.”

“Just add it to the list of things he doesn’t know,” Levi said quietly. Isabel didn’t respond and he bit the tip of his tongue, frustrated at himself. “You know I’m not mad at him.”

“I know.”

There was more he could say, but he would not burden his kid anymore. He asked her about college and she promised to send photos of her latest work. It wasn’t what he asked, but he didn’t question it. His mind drifted as he chatted down the line at him, as he merged onto the highway.

“You know, when you were six you were always going on about wanting a little sister,” he said, cutting her off midstream. She paused, and he hesitated. “Do you remember?”

“I was six!”

“Do you ever — do you wish you had a sibling?”

“Not really,” she said, suddenly serious. “It was always just the two of us and I liked that. And then, well, last year… you’re not. Not pregnant? Dad, you know it’s not safe if you’re taking hormones.”

“Jesus Christ, Isabel. How stupid do you think I am?”

“Alright! You fuckin’ brought it up.” She paused, and despite the horror, he felt better for talking to her. “Dude. Erwin would make hella big babies, you wouldn’t cope.”

“I know, right?” he laughed, and she joined in, and there was nothing better than knowing he was on the same wavelength as his kid.

“Want me to come home tonight? We can kick Erwin outta the bedroom and have a sleepover like old times.”

“No,” he laughed, not tempted. “No, stay at home. I’m okay.”

She stayed on the phone with him until he pulled into his street. Deliberate, but he didn’t mind her managing him, and she had helped his mood pick up, helped him take that drive home. It was harder, returning to Erwin in his typical state, when Erwin had no clue how to help him.

Erwin was sitting in their living room when he stepped into the house, looking a little less lost every day. All the little lies Levi had slipped him, to keep him, to hold on to this, it all seemed worth it when those blue eyes snapped to him, warming from the cool expression he’d been wearing, book dropping into his lap.

“How was it?”

“Mostly your fault,” Levi said, succumbing when he knew he shouldn’t. When he should open his mouth and confess the truth. He slipped into the room, into Erwin’s arms, the warm scent of him, the tightness of his grip. He wasn’t Erwin’s wife, but he was enough for tonight, at least. He was certain of it.

“I missed you today,” Erwin said. “I think that’s all sides of me saying that. Old me, new me.”

Levi squirmed, pressed his face to Erwin’s ribs. “Yeah, whatever.”



Chapter End Notes

Extra content warning: pregnancy/birth/miscarriage discussion, irrational thoughts





Session Three


Chapter Notes

Thanks for the thoughts and kudos <33

Some content warnings at the bottom of the chapter



See the end of the chapter for more notes



Tell him the truth Levi.

Levi stared at his phone, plucked from where it had been vibrating in his pocket. He stared at the message from Mike, stomach clenching with anxiety as he read the one line out. He deleted the message, locked his phone, and tucked it back into his pocket.

“I don’t know why I agreed to go.” Levi ignored the text to focus on the situation at hand. He was slumped in the uncomfortable chair outside the dressing room of a mid-range boutique. He’d never been in a boutique before, had never any reason to. He’d still be thrifting most of his clothes if he hadn’t discovered that there were stores out there that catered for men like him.

The rattle of the privacy curtain opened and Pieck revealed herself in a tight black dress, cinched in the middle. She wanted a new dress for Moblit’s gallery event, and had dragged Levi along for moral support. He presumed moral support. He wasn’t sure why else he’d be here.

“Nice tits,” he said. It looked like there was barely any breathing room in the fabric and it pushed her cleavage up and out. She gave him the finger, adjusting her cleavage to fit better in the dress.

“Why don’t you want to go?” She asked, smoothing her hands down her hips, swaying in front of the mirror. Levi watched her watch herself. She spent so much time taking care of others, it was nice to see her pause, to take in the sight of herself.

“‘Cause Mike’s gonna be there and he’s gonna end my marriage.”

Pieck’s eyes met his in the mirror. “Do you have sixth sense now?”

“Nah, but I know Mike, and it’s been festering for a while. He’s even started texting me now, telling me to tell Erwin, so he’s going to be a little bitch about it. Here, let me.” Levi’s eyes dropped, catching sight of the twisted dress straps against her pale skin. He stood up and slipped his fingers beneath the tangled black straps until they sat flat against her shoulders.

Levi had never had many friends before. Never really wanted them, and didn’t see the point it communicating with people that he never much liked. It was different with Pieck. She had a kindness in the way she spoke. When he was at his lowest, she was a stranger that treated him with a tenderness that bled out into a gentle, personal relationship. She had got through to him when no one else had. And he figured he must like her, if he stuck around even after she got with Hange.

“You don’t know what’s going to happen. What are you wearing to the opening?” She asked, turning in front of the mirror. If Levi had any inclination to the feminine figure, he’d like one like hers. Small, petite. Fat ass. He flipped the tag dangling from the back and grimaced at the number. Mid-range boutique was still boutique prices.

“Don’t know. Something defensive,” he said. “Black shirt, black pants. Accessorized with handsome husband.”

“He is very handsome,” Pieck agreed, eyes catching Levi’s in the mirror. She turned to face him and planted her two hands on either shoulders, squeezing.

“Do you really think telling him now is worse than letting Mike start shit before the show?”

“I’ve tried.” And he had. He’d sat in the bathtub, or behind his counter at work, or watched Isabel tear around her training sessions beside Erwin and tried to force the words out;

We had an affair

You cheated on your wife

If I’m honest, you might not even be here with me if she hadn’t found out, but we never talk about that.

He couldn’t bear to think about that. Most of the time, he was confident enough to know that Erwin loved him, but with what little Erwin remembered of their life together, he wasn’t sure he had anything that he would really want to stick around for, especially when he found out the truth.

The panic started to build and Levi swallowed, tried to push it down. He pushed his hands through his hair, clenched his stomach. He breathed deep until the feeling settled somewhat. Levi had been working hard to keep the panic at bay, at pushing it down down down; cauterising.

“Fuck it. I can’t talk about it with you. That’s what I pay my therapist for.”

Pieck suddenly looked smug. It didn’t suit her features, and he told her as much. She scoffed and moved back behind the curtain. Levi heard the gentle tug of the zipper sliding down. Stared at the gap between curtain and floor until he saw the puddle of black fabric pooling at her feet.

“I’m glad you’re still seeing Onyankopon. How are you finding it?”

“Same as I always find it, shitty until I do it and then I remember why I like it so much. I had no idea how crazy I was until he started diagnosing me with shit and helping me overcome my issues.”

“And what does he say about the situation?”

“That I’m a fucking idiot for not talking to Erwin. But nicer.” Pieck laughed from behind the curtain, and was still smiling when she threw it open seconds later, dressed in her jeans and sweater.

“You buying the dress or what?”

“No, I don’t think so. Come on, I’ll buy you a slice of cake and you can tell me exactly why you’re being an asshole about this.” Levi didn’t want cake, but he ordered a pot of tea and drank it willingly in the small little cafe next to the boutique. It was larger than his own shop, but painted in pinks and yellows that reminded him of Izzy’s bedroom growing up.

“You know, I thought when we went through all those old photos it might open something up for you,” Pieck said, stabbing her slice of lemon cake with a tiny three-pronged fork. “A way for you to be a little more honest with Erwin.”

“What? Look, here’s a photo of my dead mom - also you screwed up your first marriage by fucking me?” He bit his tongue when she narrowed her eyes at him. She took another delicate bite of cake and offered it to him, but he shook his head.

“You know I didn’t mean it like that,” she said eventually, quietly, the gentlest hint of guilt sliding into her tone.

“I know you didn’t. I’m being an asshole, sorry.”

“You didn’t have to agree to come.”

“Moblit is our friend and he would want us there,” Levi said. If Mike had been on vacation, or otherwise engaged, it would be easier. He’d wanted to go until Erwin had told him Mike would be there. “If it happens like I think it will, you’ll be there, right?”

Pieck reached over, grabbed at his hand and cradled it in her own. “You know I will.”



It had been a bad week.

Levi had had plenty of bad weeks in his time. He should be used to them, but he was struggling. Cigarettes hadn’t helped. Sex with his fucking handsome as fuck husband hadn’t helped either. He hadn’t dissociated, and he’d kept his routine in line, but nothing had fixed the gaping hole of anxiety opening in his stomach. In the distance, he could see the bridge they were trying to cross aflame. Mike’s texts had been increasing in their frequency. Levi had ignored every one.

Levi didn’t bother hiding the scent of cigarettes as he knocked on his therapist’s door in his usual Tuesday slot. He had a large jar of tea leaves on him, hoping to make it up. He handed it to his therapist when he opened his door rather than shaking his hand.

“It helps with constipation,” Levi said blankly. “For your wife. She’s probably crazy backed-up. It can happen after a kid. It should help. I made the blend myself.”

“Thank you Levi,” Onyankopon said. He accepted the bottle and placed it on the side, didn’t crack wise about it or tell Levi it was inappropriate. Levi figured it would get thrown away the moment his hour was up, but he appreciated the thank you all the same. At least he’d made the effort.

The haze had worn from Onyankopon’s face. The exhaustion that came with early fatherhood had settled into the warmth of his dark eyes, and across his broad shoulders. Levi wondered if those that didn’t have kids would realise. It was a shared bond, something understood only by those that had gone through the same process.

Levi slipped his shoes off, rolled his hands up into the sleeves of Erwin’s sweater he was wearing, folding himself neatly on the couch. He let his hair fall forward as a shield, covering most of his face. Here, in this safe space, he felt he could succumb a little easier to the emotions twisting up his guts.

“How have you been this week?” Onyankopon sat opposite, smartly dressed as ever. Levi liked how well pressed his pants were. None of the shitty, no-iron fabric that looked cheap as hell. He looked like a man that wore linen. And wore it well. Erwin looked good in linen, but Levi had banned it from his wardrobe. No point wearing it if you’re gonna let it crease the hell up in only a few brief hours.

He faded back into the room. Fuck. This was gonna be a shitty session. He could tell from how he was spacing out already. Goddamn.

“Fucking fantastic. Not great. Wonderful. Shitty.”

“Hmm. An emotional week then?”

“Yeah.”

“Would you care to explain?”

“We’re doing more separately,” Levi said. He took a breath, tried to clear his mind even as the clouds gathered ever tighter. “Go to our separate places of work. Meet up at home in the evening. Like before, like it should be. Not as codependent ‘cause I know that shit’s killer. I think he thinks everything is fine.”

Before Erwin forgot their life together, Levi had been off work for two months after the miscarriage. He clung to Erwin in a way he never had before, not until Pieck and Onyankopon set him straight. Then things got back to as they were; Levi, working in his teashop, and caring for his daughter, and looking after his husband, the way it ought to be. He didn’t want to be taken care of, or treated as something fragile and breakable, not by Erwin at least. That’s why he’d been coming to this little room for the past year and a half.

“Are you continuing to establish healthy routines?”

“Some good ones.” Some bad ones. The sex wasn’t bad. Levi wouldn’t say he had the most rounded experience, but it had never been bad with Erwin, and it definitely wasn’t now. It didn’t feel exactly as it had before, with his Erwin, who had learned to love on Levi’s body in so many ways. This Erwin was a little less cautious, though no less loving.

“He found me out a little. Found out about the job. His job,” Levi scratched at his jaw, pinched the thin skin and then stopped. Wouldn’t do to do that in front of his therapist. “That wasn’t a deliberate lie. I just — there’s a lot to explain, and I didn’t want to overwhelm him. He accepted that fine. Then he found out about the fostering and that didn’t go so well.”

“Tell me about it.”

“He found the papers in the drawer at work. I didn’t know they were there. Before the accident, when I tried to bring it up, he was evasive. We argued about it a lot.” Onyankopon must remember, because Levi recalled bringing it up with him before all this started. When all he had to discuss was the mundanity of his own set-in neuroses.

“He was resistant from what I remember.”

“He started having his concerned little chats with Mike like they cared about my well-fucking-being. Thought it was just a reaction to the miscarriage because apparently that’s just one more thing to mark my reactions by. He hid the paperwork from me and pretended he didn’t have a clue. I knew he’d done it, but I’m so pissed to find out I was right.”

“Why did you think he did that?”

“‘Cause he thought I was losing it. Which I’m not, and I wasn’t. And we were shitty at communicating then, just like we are now.” Levi snorted. They’d actually talked it over a bit this time, which was a bonus from before.

Onyankopon paused long enough for Levi to take a large sip of water. He wanted a cigarette, really, was content with the fact he had half a pack sitting in the glove box in his car. His fingers twitched on his knees, but he looked up at his therapist through his curtain of black hair. Onyankopon was staring right back, dark eyes wide and clear.

“Did you explain to him?”

“Sort of.” The night had been a strange one. Sleep was evasive without Erwin beside him, but he’d fallen asleep without him all the same, strung out from anxiety. The next thing he remembered was awaking to Izzy’s frantic phone call. “Isabel and Furlan got into a fight. I had to go pick them up. Kids being assholes mainly. Good to know homophobic fuckers still roam the streets looking for kids minding their own business.”

“Are they both okay?”

“Izzy’s feisty. She threw some punches, got some bruised knuckles, but they got away lightly. Erwin was asleep beside me when they woke me up. I brought them home, I shouted at them a bit, but only ‘cause I was fuckin’ worried. Anyone touches either of them, and they’re fuckin’ dead. Furlan’s a good kid for her. And he’s the best barista I employ. Then Erwin was sitting in the kitchen, all quiet and gentle. He asked me about the fostering application. He’d found the papers. We talked about it in a way we wouldn’t have before, but he was upset with me for lying.”

“Did you feel better once you told him the truth?” Levi nodded his head, couldn’t really deny the relief that flooded through him, even with the upset that came with realising they wouldn’t be going through with fostering any time soon.

“How did you end it?”

“We had sex,” Levi said, aware of how it sounded, but he hadn’t initiated and Erwin had been all over him. He’d let Erwin take the reins, take him. “But then he said he was remembering. He’s remembering more stuff. About me.”

Onyankopon raised his brow, but Levi’s mood wouldn’t sway. “What is he remembering?”

“Personal shit, you perv.”

“Levi.”

He waved a hand as an apology. “He knows how he likes to take care of me.”

“And he told you specifically?”

“Well, not specifics, but he isn’t lying.” His shoulders drew to a flat line, faltering a little, the more he thought about it.

“You know him best, Levi. I just need to prepare you from all angles.”

“I guess I can’t really complain if he is lying to me,” he said, dipping at the thought. He hadn’t considered it. This Erwin was open with him, so apologetic at all times, and candid with his vulnerability. He didn’t think he had it in him. Erwin wouldn’t do that. Levi would know. He’d be able to tell.

“Did you decide what to do with the fostering application?”

Had they? Levi knew it wasn’t the right time and yet… he couldn’t let it go. He’d been those kids once, knew exactly what it was like to bounce from foster to foster, to not being cared for. It left a foul taste in his mouth to know he could provide for them, but didn’t have the support to go through with it.

“I really want to take those kids and give them a good life. I don’t believe in any of that fate bullshit, but I don’t know… I’m not smart, but I’m good with kids. I think I raise decent ones. Me and Isabel don’t have a normal relationship, but it ain’t half bad.”

“You’re a kind man.”

“Maybe.” He felt uncomfortable when the kindness was thrown his way. “It feels shitty having the resources to make a difference and then do fuck all. Isabel is growing up, but I’m not ready for a house without kids. Without sounding like a total fucking weirdo, they’re… it feels right having them around. I know what it’s like to be in their position.”

“So, what is your plan going forward?”

“Well, there isn’t one. Erwin’s not getting any better and I’ve already been caught in too many lies and the next one is coming out soon.” He licked his lips, thought to the opening night. Mike would be there and Mike would be pissed, and Mike, when he was pissed, got into pissy arguments. He had plenty to argue with Levi about. Had they ever really got on?

“There’s no harm in looking to the future, Levi. Perhaps you could think about going away somewhere with Erwin. While I don’t want to see you breaking from the structure we’ve been building, getting away together might be nice.”

“I already cancelled my vacation plans,” Levi said. “No point going.”

“Where were you going?”

“It was a surprise,” Levi said. “I was going to take them down to New Orleans. I always wanted to take Isabel to a proper Mardi Gras, like the ones Kenny took me to when I was a kid. We could go back as a family. I think I’d like that. I always… always hid that part of myself away. I didn’t want either of them knowing about that part.”

“Why?”

“I was never really myself down there. Trained the accent out of me, so I didn’t have to deal with the shitty jokes about it. Wanted to forget about everything that ever happened to me down there. But I maybe… I could share something with them, and Izzy was made for shit like Mardi Gras.”

“I’m sure they would both appreciate that,” Onyankopon said. “Why don’t you want to take them now?”

“I don’t want to feel exposed to Erwin right now. I need to be strong for him and I can’t. We can’t both be having flashbacks about two separate things.” Levi couldn’t really explain it. Too worried about who he was to Erwin now and didn’t want him to see the backwater shitshow he grew up in. Thought that their relationship wouldn’t handle the strain.

“Perhaps a vacation isn’t such a bad thing to think about, though. Somewhere you can both explore but feel safe. Something for the future.”

“Where would we go?”

“Where would you like to go with him?”

“Hawaii,” Levi said it without questioning it. “We’ve been hiking before and he’s been there. He always said he wanted to take me.”

“Do you think it would be nice to get away together?”

“Yeah.” It would be nice, but he tried not to think about it. Didn’t deserve to think about it and now he was angry at himself. “I think maybe it just won’t be worth it. We need to stabilise what we do have with each other and not throw it away.”

“But are you stabilising it if you’re not telling him the truth?”

Onyankopon got him there. Levi gritted his teeth, dug his fingers into his knees. Panic wrapped tight around his chest for a moment. His pulse throbbed at his temple.

“‘Cause I’m fucking scared, alright? Things that never used to bother me, bother me and he doesn’t remember any of it. He just feels guilty all the fucking time for the way he treated me then, but nothing about how he treats me now.”

“How does he treat you now?”

“Like he’s confused. Like all he can fucking think about is him not picking me for years and years. I try to tell him it’s okay, and that I forgave him, but it’s like he doesn’t forgive himself. And then he always brings Marie up, just to rub it in further. And I know there’s no malice, but it makes me feel like shit.” Levi pursed his lips, felt the frustration desperately trying to burst through. “Our relationship has an expiry date. I’m counting down the days.”

There was a pause. Onyankopon would want to know, and Levi knew he had to tell him. Still, it took him a while to verbalise the situation.

“Hange and Moblit have invited us to his gallery opening. I don’t want to go.”

“You often say that when you’re invited places.”

“I know. Fuck it.” Levi rolled his head into his hands, pulled at the strands of hair, anxiety pitting in his stomach. “Mike’s gonna be there and I know he’s going to say something to Erwin. I fuckin’ know it. It’s been building and the more things that Erwin finds out, like the fostering and the new job, the more Mike is trying to get me to tell him.”

Onyankopon watched with his dark eyes flickering, staring at Levi, understanding all of his nervous tics and actions. “Has he challenged you about it?”

“He hasn’t exactly appreciated my handling of the situation.” Levi thought about the texts he had received over the last few days from Mike. They hadn’t been threats, more like demands. Demands that Levi be honest with Erwin. Before I am was sitting untyped in the message.

“How do I tell him without him leaving me?” He asked, grimacing when he realised how it sounded. “I wanna make him happy. I can make him happy. I just don’t know how to adjust shit. To make it alright again.”

“You just have to remember that how he responds is out of your control, but you can control how you tell him and your reactions to that.”

“But he might leave.”

“Is that your greatest fear?”

It was, wasn’t it? Erwin leaving him because he couldn’t deal with it anymore. Levi and all his failings. Who couldn’t be honest anymore. Who couldn’t function without routines in place. His greatest fear was coming home one day and finding a little suitcase in the kitchen and Erwin sitting there waiting for him, to let him down in the same way he had all those years ago, in Levi’s shitty little apartment, where he’d had to hide his devastation until Erwin had left.

“If we ever break up again, I should be the one leaving him after everything, but I know I won’t. I could live without him. Done it before and survived. I could do it again, but I don’t want to. He makes me happy.”

“Have you thought about how Erwin will take finding out?”

“He’s gonna feel so fucking betrayed and I know this and I can’t do anything about it.”

Levi’s vision was fading as the panic grew. Fuck. At least with anger, he could swallow the bitterness down for a time, focus on breathing. With panic, it captured him somewhere sharp in the chest, had him seeing things. Had him grasping for things totally out of reach.

His head slipped down, fingers curling tight in the longer strands until they twisted and the pain registered at his scalp. He could hear Onyankopon calling his name, could still the blur of movement until he shut his eyes, cramping up.

“My name is Levi Ackerman,” he said, fighting through it. “I’m thirty-two years old. My name is Levi Ackerman. I’m thirty-two years old. I have a daughter called Isabel. My name is—”

Levi continued until his shaking voice grew hoarse and his vision came back to him. He was damp beneath his arms, and his hairline itched too, in the parts where he hadn’t tugged it raw. His throat was dry and his eyes swollen, though he hadn’t cried. Nausea was biting at his stomach, but he would not vomit.

In the space that he had spent grounding himself, Onyankopon had fetched him a bottle of water, removed the lid and placed it on the coffee table in front of him. Levi grabbed it with a shaking hand, and swallowed down large gulps.

“That came out of fuckin’ nowhere,” he croaked, voice rough.

“You did a fantastic job pulling yourself back. I want to congratulate you on that.”

“I’ve been surviving in that space just above panic,” he admitted when the desperation to tell Onyankopon to fuck off passed. “I’ve been exercising, trying to stick to my routines. I haven’t been excessively cleaning. I try to open my mouth to tell him, but I can’t. And then I feel fuckin’ shitty ‘cause I know if I don’t tell him, I’ll risk losing him and it repeats, and I know how upset he’ll be because I keep lying and I keep getting caught out.”

“At this point, I don’t want you to force yourself to do anything that could cause you more harm,” Onyankopon said quietly. “Levi, you’re my main priority. Not Erwin. Not even your marriage. At this point, I think pushing is going to cause you more harm.”

“But then what do I do?”

“You will survive whatever happens because you’re strong and you have the resources and the support system in place, whatever happens.” Onyankopon didn’t placate him with words about how it was all going to be fine, and Levi appreciated that. The fewer lies going around, the better.

“I pay you all this money and you can’t stop my husband from leaving me?” Levi said. He hoped it sounded like a joke, but neither of them laughed. He stared down at his knees as his heart rate slowed. God, he felt like shit.

They went over Levi’s already well-used breathing exercises while he calmed down, while he sipped his water and waited for the headache to really kick in. He’d caught himself in time; the grounding had worked; he hadn’t developed a full-blown panic attack, or trashed the place.

“You’re going to be okay, Levi,” Onyankopon said, when their time was up. Levi nodded along. His chest felt heavy, his stomach too. “Remember, you’re surrounded by people that care for you. That will support you through this.”

Levi thought to Erwin, though to what he’d think when the truth came out. His support would be hard to gather. He wondered whether he’d be more upset by what he’d lied about, or that he lied in the first place.

Onyankopon offered his office for longer in case Levi needed more time after his session, as he didn’t have another client afterward, but Levi shook his head. He slipped his shoes back on and pushed his hair back into place. He sat in his car and smoked two cigarettes, one after the other, staring out the window, but not really looking.

Isabel called him again, not long after he started for home. She kept him company on the drive and carried the conversation. She expected nothing from him in return, and he was grateful for that. Her head was in the clouds most of the time, but she always hit his wavelength no matter what.

He was frustrated with himself for falling apart like that in the session. He knew in reality, it wasn’t a bad thing. It wasn’t bad to need to ground himself. Probably wasn’t a bad thing to have it be successful in front of his therapist, but he still prickled all over with anxiety about it. He felt weak for it, for admitting that the simple fact of history repeating itself was his biggest fear. That he was heading toward it, anyway. The moment it all came out, he knew Erwin wouldn’t want to waste another moment on him.

The lights were dimmed and there were flowers on the kitchen table when Levi walked through his little house. A spray of yellow carnations and white roses sat in his favourite vase. Pretty. Levi liked flowers. He liked that Erwin bought them for him, now and before the accident. Like a built-in memory that he couldn’t recall. Usually he dried the petals, added them to the special blend they drank together. Before Erwin told him he hadn’t liked it.

“I won’t ask how it went,” Erwin said, standing in the kitchen, tall and blond and handsome. His voice was soft, gentle, like he could tell Levi wouldn’t cope with anything else. Levi nodded his head. Rubbed at his forehead, and thought about all the ways he could escape. Through the backdoor, through the narrow hallway and out the front. Hell, even through the side window. Crash into the glass and let it rip into his skin. Leave a bloody trail for Erwin to follow. If he wanted.

Erwin wrapped his arms around Levi, pulled him into his chest. Levi rolled his face into the knitted fabric of his sweater, clutched his hands into the bends of Erwin’s elbows. He felt fully absorbed in the snug warmth, pressed in almost like they were one.

“It’s okay, Levi,” Erwin said. Levi closed his eyes. He liked the vibration of his voice rumbling as Levi rested his head against his chest.

“That was fuckin’ shitty,” Levi said eventually. He tilted his head back, craned his neck so he was looking at Erwin. He could see right up his nose from this angle, and he told him as much. Erwin just laughed, held Levi’s face between his two giant hands and bent to kiss him softly on the lips. Erwin loved him, Levi remembered, shedding part of the anxiety at least. He loved him and depended on him. He would stay for a while. He wouldn’t leave Levi. Not yet

Erwin hesitated. Maybe he saw the way Levi was looking at him. A notch formed between his giant eyebrows.

“I’ll tell you everything one day,” Levi said, lifting onto his toes and pressing his thumb between Erwin’s brows. He tried to smile and hoped it worked. Erwin’s expression became faded as Levi’s headache increased and he nudged his face back into his chest.



Chapter End Notes

CW: Anxiety, almost panic attack, angst.





Session Four


Chapter Notes

Thank you for the comments and kudos <3 this chapter closes off the entire arc of the main story. Last part will be set further into the future :)



See the end of the chapter for more notes



Levi was in the car with Pieck. He couldn’t remember how he got there. They were at the gallery event and it had all come out and Erwin had been upset and mad and Levi had said stupid things without thinking and—

Oh yeah. Pieck was driving him home. She was driving him home because Erwin was staying with Mike and they’d come in his car. Levi sat hunched over, sharp elbows pressing into the soft space on top of his kneecaps. It hurt. Everything hurt. He’d fucked it up. Fucked it up big time. In his mind, the last conversation with Erwin was playing over and over.

“Did he just leave me? Is that what this is?”

“I don’t know,” Pieck said, her voice sounded far away, tucked beneath the blood pumping in Levi’s ears.

“I didn’t mean it,” he said, thinking about what he had admitted. “He knows… everyone knows what we did. What I am.”

Pieck must have known what he inferred, because her voice came out sharper. “You’re a man that fucked up, is all. Erwin fucked up too.”

“But I didn’t want him to find out like this.”

“I know.”

“He said if it was up to him, he wouldn’t have married me either.” Panic prickled beneath his clothes, beneath his skin. He felt faint with it. His chest ached, and his mouth tasted bitter. “You think he meant that?”

As they drove, Pieck’s small hand was warm on his damp neck. He hunched over further, face almost to his knees. “I think he’s angry, Levi. You need to give him time.”



Levi called Armin on the phone a few days after Erwin had packed his bag. Mostly out of concern. There was a lull in the shop after the morning rush as he bent his elbows onto the counter and breathed into the phone, waiting for the kid to pick.

“Oh hi, Levi,” Armin said quietly down the phone. “How can I help?”

“Just wanted to check in,” he hesitated, didn’t want to give the game away. “Just um, wanted to make sure Erwin was okay. Is he?”

“He’s alright.”

“Okay.” Levi nodded, grimaced. Fuck, he was never any good at talking to people. Little blondie was no exception.

“His pants aren’t pressed the way you do them and his collar’s wrinkled,” Armin said. “That’s how I knew something was up, but he seems okay. He said you guys are going through a process.”

A process. Divorce process? Levi’s stomach dropped. He hadn’t thought about that. Erwin hadn’t made it sound like that in the kitchen; hadn’t made it sound so permanent. He was pissed, and Levi got it, understood it, but he didn’t think it had gone that far.

“I feel like I’ve said the wrong thing.” Armin’s voice filtered down the phone, nervous. “Really, I’m the last person to find anything out. I never know anything!”

Levi uttered a goodbye and dropped his phone down to the counter, staring at him, staring at it over and over.

He had cried the first time Erwin had left him. Through embarrassment mostly, because the dumping had coincided with him trying to be more open sexually, and he’d figured maybe Erwin had just had enough of dating someone more frigid than a nervous virgin. He’d cried for at least a week. Not even Izzy had been able to do much to cheer him up, not that she’d been old enough to realise the context.

But then they’d been in contact again, and Levi had hoped they would - that Erwin must have felt the same because he got this flicker of heat in his stomach that he never got any other time and Erwin was cheering up, moving out of his depressive anxiety and and an-

And then he started talking about Marie and then Levi met her and he swore to himself it didn’t matter that Erwin was bisexual. He didn’t care, but it had hurt. It had hurt seeing Erwin fall in love with someone so full-figured and feminine in all the ways Levi loathed himself becoming, and everyone talked about how perfectly matched they were to each other. Hated that it made him to feel weak and ugly.

Levi had only found peace within his body once surgery and hormones had come into play. And all of that had hurt worse than the originally dumping. Watching Erwin not only move on but thrive with someone that was so vitally different to himself had stung in every way.

But this was worse than all of that because he kept thinking about it, about how if he’d just told Erwin what had happened between them it all would have been avoided and they’d still be together and he still—

Levi blinked at the sounds of gentle snores, of the hot breath against his neck. It was late. He was in his living room, the lights down low and the credits to a film running he didn’t recognise. Beside him, Isabel was snoring into his shoulder, cuddled up under the soft blanket with him.

Fuck. He’d dissociated hard. Last he remembered was being in the shop, weighing out tea into pastel-striped bags, undercharging the elderly couple who came in every Monday and paid with cash. It was late afternoon. He’d been waiting for Isabel to come to the store after college. She had moved back in temporarily.

“Fuck.”

He slipped out from beneath the weight of his daughter, guiding her down until she was laying in the space he’d previously occupied. He tucked the blanket around her, but she’d always been such a goddamn heavy sleeper that she didn't stir.

He moved to the kitchen for a glass of water. It worked him up if nothing else, though the nausea still wasn’t great. How many hours had he lost? He’d be too embarrassed to ask. Isabel must have realised, must have taken him home and closed up the store, put him in front of the couch with a movie and sat with him until she drifted off.

His chest ached with a low burn. He stared down at his hands laid flat on the kitchen counter. His wedding ring was snug on his finger. Was Erwin wearing his around his neck still? Was Levi still allowed to wear his? He couldn’t even panic, he just wanted to cry. He pulled himself together, tried to think about eating because he hadn’t eaten in the last twelve hours, but he knew he wouldn’t be able to.

Goddamn, he was a mess.

He wondered what Erwin was doing right now and wished he hadn’t. Probably listening to Mike tell him it wasn’t worth it, Levi wasn’t worth it. Maybe he’d agree with him. Maybe right at this moment, he was looking up suitable lawyers to sue Levi’s ass into a divorce.

No, he wouldn’t, and Erwin hadn’t said that. He said he needed time apart, and he had hugged Levi goodbye and he was sensible and it was all going to be okay. It would be okay.

Levi drained his glass of water and went to bed. He didn’t sleep. He skipped out on his weekly session with Onyankopon and didn’t pick up when he called for a catch up.



Erwin messaged a few days later. He wanted to meet to talk things over. The first thing Levi did was panic-call Pieck, who calmed him in that gentle voice. Told him to get a grip, which helped. Sounded like something he’d say to someone else if they were acting erratic. He text back and agreed to meet.

He spent way too long on his appearance. It was only coffee. It was only a neutral coffee shop mid-point between their two workplaces. Nothing fancy, but still. He had to look good. Had to look presentable. Like someone Erwin had loved once and could love again, maybe.

He wore a black sweater with the sleeves too long and jeans to match. It looked too dark. He swapped the sweater for a cream one. It was too light. He hated wearing light colours. There was a grey cardigan that he found. He didn’t wear cardigans. They were an Erwin thing even since he’d hit his late thirties. Since he got with Levi. Fuck it. Levi went for the black one in the end and stormed into the coffee shop, pretending he didn’t see Furlan watching his back from the corner. Fuckin’ brats.

Levi was still in love with him, and that wouldn’t stop. He thought maybe anger would linger, but when Erwin walked into the coffee shop all big blond and handsome, Levi’s heart fluttered and his stomach flipped. As it had all those years back in the diner, as it had watching Erwin watch Marie walk down the aisle, as it had that first time he’d knocked on Levi’s hotel room door and he’d let him in and in and in and—

He looked tired, actually. Sleep bruises darkening the skin beneath his eyes, and he always did a piss-poor job shaving when tired. His stubble was growing in patchy. And his collar was rumpled, just like Armin said. Levi didn’t say a word. Figured he didn’t look much better himself. He tucked his hair behind his ear, watched Erwin shoot a curious glance at Furlan.

He listened to Erwin, and he said his piece, too. He didn’t overreact or shut down. When Erwin asked how they got together, this time he took a breath and tried to explain. It all came out too harsh, but it came out. When he was done, he handed Erwin the letter he’d kept hidden all these years, pushed it into his hands to give his words back to him.





Levi was sitting in the back room of his office, staring off at the blank computer screen. He spent little time on the computer; Petra was better at the admin side of things, but he just needed a breather. He needed to get his thoughts in order. It was Tuesday and Tuesdays were therapy days and he’d called off last week. He’d never skipped two weeks in a row, but he couldn’t imagine going now, trying to explain it all to Onyankopon. He’d text his therapist briefly to let him know he was okay a few days after missing his call.

He heard the shop door opening and closing, the familiar sound of Isabel’s clunky boots slapping on the tiled floor. She stood in the doorway, arms folded.

“Dad?” She whispered. He looked at her, looked away. Yeah. He needed to pull himself together. Needed to get home. Cook them both dinner. He wasn’t hungry, but she always was.

“I could order takeout tonight.” he said. He patted his pants down, fumbled for the keys, but she grabbed them from his desk before he realised.

“I’m driving you to therapy.”

“Not going.” Levi said. He couldn’t. Not tonight. Too embarrassing, and couldn’t bear the thought of having to explain what a car wreck his life had become. Was never honest enough to take advice thrown so willingly in his direction.

“Have you cancelled?”

He hadn’t. Had been meaning too, but the thought of expending energy made him cringe. He wanted to crawl up and die. He shook his head. Pulled on his jacket from the hook on the back of the door. “Why are you here, kiddo?”

“‘Cause you’re my dad and I’m looking after you,” she said. “Come on, you need to get in touch with your inner child and go see your therapist.”

“Not that shit again. I still don’t know what that means.”

“Me either.” She puffed out a laugh. He couldn’t tell if she was being serious or not. “I’ll drive you there. Wait. And then we’ll cook dinner together. Like the old days.”

“You never helped cook dinner.”

“Then I’ll start.”



Isabel was a decent driver. Levi had taught her himself. Yeah, she took bends too quick, and breaking was sometimes considered an afterthought, but was assertive enough to pull out of traffic, never pushed the limit too far when he was in the car with her. He’d been in the car with Furlan before, and that was anything but good.

They were right on time when she pulled up on the street outside Onyankopon’s house. Levi hated that he’d lost the ten minutes he usually gave himself to prepare, but then figured he wouldn’t have gone inside otherwise. Isabel pressed a kiss to his cheek, squeezed her arms over his neck and kicked him from the car.

“See you in an hour, freak!” She called. He flipped her off.

Levi was still in his jeans and button down from work and not the soft clothes he normally wore. It made him feel out of sorts, like he’d come at the wrong time. He normally wore one of Erwin’s sweaters to therapy but he’d fucking cry if he did that right now.

Levi couldn’t meet his therapist’s eyes when he opened the door. God, he felt erratic. He felt teary and flayed open before they even began. He removed his shoes and sat down heavily in his favourite spot as Onyankopon greeted him thoughtfully, taking a seat in the chair opposite.

“Levi. It’s great to see you. I was concerned after last week.”

“I couldn’t attend.”

“Did something come up?” Playing naïve didn’t suit his therapist, and Levi shot him a glare, so he knew exactly how he felt about it.

“I fucked up and Erwin left,” he said. “Everything happened like I said it would. Mike opened his fucking mouth at the art gallery, just as I knew he would. Motherfucker. Fucking piece of shit.”

The anger bubbled, and Levi tugged on his hair. His face was wet, and he hated it. Hated that he was crying like a little bitch because he couldn’t to do anything right. And there was no point crying because he’d not only known but had been warned that this was a possibility. It was his own stupid fault.

He hadn’t heard Onyankopon move around, but he shifted to the sound of the tissues being placed on the coffee table, alongside a bottle of water. Levi pulled apart the bottle, drank down the contents.

“Sorry for cancelling last week. I couldn’t… couldn’t face it.”

“I’m happy you checked in with me all the same,” Onyankopon said, always polite, even in the face of Levi’s inadequacy. “Take your time, Levi. Tell me about your week.”

“Everything that happened… they were all the reasons I didn’t want to go,” Levi said. He had his bottom lip wedged between his teeth, sucking and biting at it. Another nervous habit he had passed down to Isabel. He complained at her whenever he caught her doing it, wanting her to be better than him. She was supposed to be better than him.

“Because you knew the truth would come out?”

“Mike was desperate to tell Erwin what a fuckin’ shitty husband he has. How much better off he’d be with his old wife. They could go on bland as fuck double dates.”

“Is that what you truly believe?”

Levi bit his bottom lip harder, enough for it to sting. It would be plump and swollen by the time he left the room in fifty minutes. His mouth already had a copper tang to it. “He’s never liked me. Not even when we were kids... When I was a kid, I guess. They were all grown-ass adults.”

“It wasn’t Mike’s place to take away your agency like that, and I’m sorry it happened,” Onyankopon said quietly. Levi nodded, soothed by the comment.

“He treats Erwin like his little brother, but he’s not far off forty. There comes a point when you have to let someone decide for themselves. Why can’t everyone just fuckin’ let him live his life? I know — I know what I did was wrong. I know I lied to him over and over, but that’s my fault. It has nothing to do with them.”

“Hopefully, with this all put in the open, it gives you all a chance to assess the situation,” Onyankopon said. Levi nodded. God, he felt like shit. He hated crying in front of other people and felt shocked that it had happened now.

“Last week was terrible,” Levi admitted, licking his lips slowly. He hunched over and folded his hands together, pressed his elbows between his knees and squeezed the pressure points. It didn’t make him feel all that much better, but he felt a little more grounded in reality.

“Do you feel comfortable talking about the things that happened?”

“I dissociated a lot. More than I have in forever. I don’t remember half the week. Don’t think I was eating. Izzy moved back in.” Pitiful. Levi didn’t want to be pitiful.

“Any panic attacks?”

“Nope.” Should he be proud about that? Or maybe he had, and he’d been too fuckin’ out of his head to remember. That was more than likely. He snorted, but didn’t share the joke.

“Have you spoken to Erwin at all?” Levi prised his teeth apart, felt the blood rush to his bruised bottom lip.

“We spoke last week and I feel… not better. Still like a fuckin’ asshole.” Levi thought to Furlan sitting there, hiding behind a plastic menu on Isabel’s demands. It was sweet really, and under other circumstances Levi would rat the kid out for pissing him off, but really he’d been struck dumb by the sight of Erwin, of seeing him in the flesh and trying to keep his composure. “The moment he left me, he went to visit his ex-wife. And then decided that telling me was the first thing he wanted to do.”

“I can see that upsets you.”

It had. He’d always tried to fight back from his shitty self-esteem, tried to be better than that. “She wouldn’t take him back, so I don’t know why he bothered. She wouldn’t want him, not like that.”

“I don’t know him personally, but from what you’ve said of Erwin, he seems like a man who's incredibly analytical. He may consider it necessary for his own sense of closure.”

“Because he doesn’t trust me.”

“There’s an element of that perhaps, but he might have needed to do it himself, for his own peace of mind.”

“He told me he remembered fucking me when he didn’t. Erwin’s also a liar.” He’d fucked Levi good too, gave it to him in all the ways he liked, the ways that had his eyes rolling back and his toes bending. He thought Erwin had remembered, thought the sex between them had been so good he couldn’t help but remember.

“Do you consider your lies to be on par with one another?”

“I don’t consider it a competition.” He sucked his bottom lip into his mouth, sucked the copper taste from it, pushed it out when he felt how it had doubled in size. “Do you?”

“My opinion isn’t needed. I just want to know your point of view.”

“I lied to him these past few weeks, but he was dishonest with himself for years. That’s my opinion.” He leaned forward to grab at the water bottle. He drowned it, his throat feeling sticky with tears. “Last week I was so sure he was going to leave me. I thought he might not come back.”

Levi remembered finding Erwin’s bag packed in the kitchen. How it had hurt, really hurt, knowing he’d fucked up that badly. His biggest fear was coming home one day to find a suitcase in the kitchen, and it had happened. “Now I think I have more of a chance, but it’s going to take so much work.”

“What else did you talk about when you saw him?”

“He has all these friends helping him find himself again. Hange, Moblit, and little blondie. They’re helping him piece together his missing years. I gave him a letter he wrote me. I’ve been reading it a lot. Remembering.”

“What was the letter about?”

“It was when he confessed his feelings to me. Apologised for how he’d been in the past. That he was in love with me.” Levi had, in his shittiest moments throughout the week, reread the letter over and over. “It’s corny as hell, I’m not joking. You’d be fuckin’ beet red if you read it. Embarrassing.”

Onyankopon smiled gently. “Sounds like it means a great deal to you.”

“Well yeah,” Levi shrugged. “It was the first time he ever admitted his feelings after all those years.”

“What did he think about the letter?”

“He messaged me. We’ve been talking a little bit, but I’m just… it feels good talking to him, Onyankopon, but what if he just decides he’s had enough and he wants to walk away?”

“Then you would have to let him go,” his therapist said quietly. Levi pursed his bruised lips, squeezed his eyes closed at the clench of his chest.

“I don’t want to let him go.” It started up again, the well of tears. They flooded down his cheeks in a furious rush, and he covered his face to hide himself. He indulged in a few deep sobs, before he dragged his hands across his face, wiping away the wetness. “This fucking sucks. Crying after a grown-ass man.”

“Crying can be cathartic.”

“Maybe.”

He drank more water and reminded himself he paid Onyankopon enough money that it was fine to cry in front of him. “I do feel better for talking to him. I think he wants to find a way back to himself, but he won’t ever be the man he was and our life will never be like it was. That makes me sad.”

“You have every right to mourn, but if you make a go of it again, I want you to lay your own boundaries out clearly. Tell him how you feel. You could write it down if you find the words hard to say.”

“I don’t like writing things down,” Levi said. “My spelling’s terrible. It makes me feel stupid.”

“Do you think that bothers him?”

“Not the point.” Levi scratched at the back of his head, more as a distraction than anything else. “I thought maybe I could give some stuff for his art project. I think they’re doing some collage type thing, hoping photos will jog his memory.”

He didn’t think it was likely to work. Erwin had lived with Levi in their house of memories, with photos on the walls, and he hadn’t remembered a thing. Nothing tangible, at least.

“What photos are you thinking?”

“I don’t know. Smaller things, perhaps. Isabel went through a photography phase and she has a shit-load. Maybe even stuff from last year when I was sick. Do you think that would work?”

“I like the enthusiasm I can hear in your voice,” Onyankopon said in his own rich tone. “Don’t think of them as memory joggers so much as a reminder that he is loved, and you are, too.”

“I haven’t really been able to consider looking at photos myself… it hurt too much, but maybe I could do that. To show him.”

The rest of his therapy session passed by quietly. He’d detailed the dissociation, explained how he had come out of it. It was grim to have lost so much time, but as always, Onyankopon congratulated him for recognising the signs. Still made him feel weak, and he’d never be over that.

Onyankopon said he was happy if Levi just wanted to sit quietly for the rest of his session and so he did, slipping on his shoes only when his hour was up. His face felt sticky and his throat hoarse. He shook his therapist’s hand and promised he’d be back next week.

“You’re all red and puffy,” Isabel said when he slid back into the car. She had her feet up on the dashboard, either side of the steering wheel, and he tapped her knee once before she slid them back down, though not before accidentally kicking the horn. She laughed at the loud noise as he cussed.

“You’ve been crying,” she said, softer this time. Levi hummed his response. There was no point denying it.

“Maybe I’ve had a lot to cry about.”

“Yeah, I’ll give you that.” She started the car and pulled away quickly, barely checking the mirrors. “You seem better this week.”

“Yeah.”

“I’m mad at him too. I hate he did this to you.”

“Yeah kiddo, I know.”

They ordered take out because he couldn’t be bothered to cook and they only argued for a little while as they tried to decide on what to eat. They picked Thai food and ate it on the plates that Levi had purchased after he’d married Erwin. He’d never had a collection that had matched before. He hadn’t realised how much it would mean to him to have it. They were a dark blue gloss. One was chipped after Erwin had dropped it, tripping over a stray roller-skate that Isabel had left out.

“You gettin’ wistful over dinner plates again?” Isabel asked, always knowing what was up. He shrugged his shoulders, but didn’t respond otherwise.

Levi wasn’t hungry. Never was after therapy. He forced down a few mouthfuls just to appease Isabel.

“You know what Erwin’s doing, right? The whole collage thing Moblit set up.”

Isabel stilled, but her green eyes flickered over to him. “Uh huh.”

“I want to get involved. Give him some stuff. Obviously, his friends can help to an extent, but we lived with him and we have plenty he hasn’t seen.”

Isabel closed her mouth around her fork and kept her bright eyes down to her nearly finished plate. She used to do that when she was sixteen, when they would argue together about anything and everything.

“So you don’t want me to.”

“It’s not that,” she said, dropping her cutlery. Her eyes flashed towards him, and he watched the guarded expression fall away. “When Erwin married Marie, I remember asking why he wasn’t marrying you.”

Levi had forgotten that or pushed it aside. It had been embarrassing and hurtful, though he hadn’t blamed her for the comment. She’d been so little back then. “I get it was probably confusing to you.”

“You thought I couldn’t tell how sad you were about it, but I knew. And I knew something went on between the two of you at Mike’s wedding. I’m not an idiot. You disappeared together and when you came back, you were upset again.”

Levi could feel the heat rising, and it was only because he had experience with Isabel and her digging that he could cool his jets and not fly off the handle. The worn-in exhaustion from therapy helped too.

“Get to the point.”

“I’m not letting him hurt you again,” she said firmly. Even crossing her arms over her chest with her chin tilted upwards in determination. He smiled at her a little.

“So that’s why you sent Furlan to be a little creep?”

“Yeah. And he loves you, too. We don’t want to see you get hurt. It happens a lot with Erwin.”

“I know.” He leaned forward, across the table, and tapped her hand where she dropped it. She looked at him all seriously, the way she looked when she promised she wouldn’t get scared staying up to watch Halloween with him in the fifth grade. A lie that he couldn’t help indulging. “But I still want to be with him and I still want to fix this… whatever this is.”

“I don’t want to stop you either, just want you to know how I feel about it.”

“That’s appreciated.” He crossed his own cutlery and place it over his barely eaten food. If Erwin were here, he’d happily eat Levi’s portion as well.

But he wasn’t here, so Levi grabbed their plates, and packaged up the leftovers, while his kid went to find the photographs.

He finished cleaning the kitchen, had a cigarette break, and made them both a peppermint tea, bringing them into the living room. They sat on the floor together, the box of photos spread out over the coffee table, knees touching. He’d taken photos of Isabel through the years; disposable cameras at first, and then on his smartphone when he’d been able to afford one.

He grabbed at these first, flicking through the years from when she was four, five, six, even seven. They seemed darkened and dated, though in his mind it was only yesterday that she’d been little more than a fire-haired toddler and small child. He looked at Isabel beside him now. She hadn’t brushed her hair, and it sat in messy strands around her face. She had glitter on her cheeks because she didn’t leave the house without something sparkling. Her teeth were crooked when she smile, but she smiled often and it didn’t seem to bother her. It bothered Levi more that he hadn’t been able to afford better dental care for her.

“Do you remember this apartment?” Levi said, handing over the photo in his hand. It was Isabel in his first apartment sitting crossed legged on Levi’s bed, arms stuffed with her favourite fluffy bunny, gurning up at the camera, little tongue sticking out between her teeth.

“Not really.”

“I didn’t have a bedroom. I gave you the bedroom, but then you never fuckin’ stayed in it. Brat.”

“I remember!” She laughed. Levi watched her softly, the way the low lighting in the room could still pick out the silver speckles of glitter highlighting her face. “You had a screen in front of the bed to hide it from the rest of the room, right?”

“Yeah, I did.” He smiled at her and then down at the photo again. He missed her at that age, the sweetness and the games, where every comment didn’t end in innuendo. “You still came crawling into my bed, even when Erwin came over. You nearly broke his nose, elbowing him in your sleep.”

“Ah shit.”

They flicked through the photos together, handing them back and forth. Levi kept getting distracted by cute photos of Isabel, mostly because it didn’t hurt as much as it did staring at photos of Erwin, photos of the two of them together.

“Oh shit. Here’s my graduation,” Isabel said, handing over a photo of the three of them on the green snatch of grass just after her ceremony. He’d had to pay extra to get the stains out of her hired gown. He cried when she crossed the stage, almost broke Erwin’s hand for how tight he was holding it.

“Was thinking of getting my GED,” he mumbled. There’d been a few times where he thought about bringing it up in his therapy sessions, but he’d been too ashamed. He had cast it aside and to the back of his head as he had with any other plans as he tried to discuss his failing marriage instead. “‘Cause I never finished high school. Never really started it.”

It had come earlier than he’d like, when helping Isabel with her homework had become a struggle for him. Eric had helped her out. Hange too. They were always so enthusiastic. Erwin had done his bit when he became a permanent fixture in their lives. Levi was aware he couldn’t even write a basic shopping list without making errors.

“Just because you’re insecure about your spelling doesn’t make you an idiot and you don’t have to get some diploma to prove anything.”

“I know, but I’d like to. I decided here when I watched you graduate, I wanted to get it, but it took years to admit to anyone else.”

“Erwin knows?”

“Yeah. Or well he did.” He dropped the photo in the send pile. Along with one of their wedding photos, one he had picked up and immediately placed. With their relationship in limbo, it hurt to look too closely at their cheerful faces.

“Dad, you run a business. You know how to get even the worse stains outta things. You’re not stupid.”

“Yeah yeah.” He dismissed her with a wave and she shrugged, knowing not to push him further.

“Fuck. Disney World is going in the pile,” Isabel said after she’d moved on, skipping through a handful of photos.

“He already has a photo of us there.” Levi had placed it on his desk at work. Levi hated having his photo taken, but Isabel had been giddy with excitement the first day in the parks. He couldn’t say no.

“And? He deserves another.” Isabel leaned against his side as they moved through the piles. When they were nearly done, Levi came across a photo from early last year. “Have you thought about what happens if he doesn’t come back?”

Levi stiffened, and his heart skipped a beat. He’d tried not thinking about it. “Guess I’ll let him go.”

“Could you do that?”

“I just want him to be happy. Like I always have. If I don’t make him happy, then there isn’t any point in sticking around.” Levi stared down at the photograph in his hand. It was when he’d first come home from the hospital, and he looked like shit. Hair too long and in need of a wash, his face all narrow bones and sunken eyes. All he remembered from that time was being exhausted. Haunted by ghosts he’d tried desperately to put behind him.

“But then you wouldn’t be happy.”

“Guess I’d have to get over it.” Levi skimmed over any thoughts about it. Couldn’t think about that. “Add this one.”

Isabel grabbed the photo from him and stared down dubiously at it. “Are you sure?”

“Yeah,” Levi said. “Yeah, he needs to see everything.”

Levi went through the handful of photos once they were done, removing the ones Isabel had added that he didn’t like and sliding them into an envelope. As she packed away the ones they didn’t need, he could see the concern etched into her furrowed brow.

“Stop frowning.” He ruffled her hair, and she bared her teeth at him playfully. “It’ll be alright.”

“What are you going to do with the photos? Send them in the post?” She laughed. He rolled his eyes, but when she pulled him in for a hug, he let her.

“Give ‘em to Pieck and then wait to see what he says. All I can do.”



Chapter End Notes

Warning: Dissociation, self esteem issues





Epilogue


Chapter Notes

Final part and a lot more fluffy! Set after the ending of History Retold because I needed to give Levi something nice after putting him through hell for 85% of this series.



See the end of the chapter for more notes





The new house took some getting used to. Levi had put little stock into wherever he lived. Took whatever he could get previously. The first tiny apartment that his social worker had found when he aged out of the group home had shifted into the apartment barely inches bigger by the florist’s, which turned into the house he had lived and owned with Isabel. Pale blue, small, in a mediocre part of town. It had been the house upon which Erwin had couch-surfed after his breakup before he finally moved into the bedroom. It had been a house in which Levi had found everything and lost it.

And Erwin had never liked it much. Even less so after the accident.

It was too small for their means now. A little too far from the university, with no decent train links. It had served them well; it was the house that Levi had finally felt like an adult in for the first time, but it was time to let it go.

Levi hadn’t cared where they lived after, so long as it met his needs. He had stipulations, and he handed them over to Erwin. Told him to stick to them and he’d be happy. If he got anymore involved, he knew it would just trigger his anxiety.

Erwin purchased the house at an auction. A gamble that Levi was pissed to learn about too late, but it ended up perfect for them. A decent option for Erwin to catch the train every morning, and not too far from Levi’s tearoom. The kids could catch the school bus just down the street, or Levi would drive them in after dropping Erwin off. There was a garage apartment too, with its own entrance. Isabel had taken that over the moment they had gutted it. Painted it a pale pink, gilded thrifted furniture a bright gold. It was fucking hideous, but somehow entirely Isabel, so he didn’t begrudge her that. And it kept her close by.

He begrudged the litter tray he noticed when he grabbed her laundry one day, and the cat food stored in his pantry, and the scrawny tabby stray that took a liking to wrapping itself around his legs whenever he was trying to get shit done.

They’d been in the house six months, had filed the fostering applications when Levi was certain that Erwin genuinely wanted to move forward with it. They passed the home evaluation, mostly because Isabel trained Levi’s foul mouth with a swear jar a month ahead. On the day he behaved himself. He knew how to treat social services; he’d been in the system himself. Six weeks later, they’d picked up Gabi and Falco. The kids had come to them for respite first, but Gabi had acted out in the last group home and they just wanted her gone.

It wasn’t entirely smooth, but Levi hadn’t expected it to be. Falco and Gabi had been in and out of foster homes together, dumped into a group home for the last few months while the paperwork went through. That took its toll. Levi knew the feeling well. He tried not to fuss, but he knew he did. Levi tried not to snap at them, and he didn’t. He saved that for Isabel, who knew how to handle him, and Erwin, who usually deserved it.

He couldn’t quite remember what they filled their time with before, in those few months after Isabel moved out and before Erwin lost his memory. Between their new home, the new family they’d created and everything else, Levi had finally the sense that things really were as he’d always wanted them to be.

Levi was drinking tea early one Saturday morning, the cat purring against his legs. He had a busy day ahead of him, and this was likely the only slice of silence he’d get. Erwin was snoring in bed, and Levi had woken from a dream that had left him antsy.

He’d come downstairs early, hadn’t gone for his run because he knew he needed to at least look at the old test papers Erwin had gift-wrapped for the GED exam prep, but it still felt beyond his reach. Erwin was an excellent teacher, but only to law students or their foster kids. Levi wasn’t as susceptible to his charms, and prickled with embarrassment whenever he couldn’t work out a question. In the end he had sulked over to Hange’s place, and let them help him out. They were better at it. It didn’t feel so personal.

The papers were sitting in the brown envelope Levi had shoved them in. He’d get to it… just not today. He had other thoughts; other ideas. Things he was trying desperately not to think about, to stop his mind from running away with it.

He sipped his tea in the quiet yearnings of the house. He was almost certain he could hear the distant echoing of Erwin’s snores. The floorboards creaked in this old house, Levi heard them above his head. The creaking from above softened until a quiet pitter-patter down the stairs before a fair head shyly creeped around the corner.

Falco was already up and dress, hair damp where he had run a comb through it the way he had mimicked from Erwin. Levi hadn’t teased him about it. He knew what it was like to be a kid. He only ever had his Uncle Kenny as someone to look up to.

“You’re up early,” Levi said, pouring out another mug of tea from his pot and pushing it over to Falco. The boy was an early riser, was nearly always up when Levi was back from his run, sitting at the kitchen table with his back straight, two glasses of orange juice laid out; one for him, one for Gabi. “It’s a Saturday. No school.”

“I know.” Falco took the seat beside Levi and smiled gently, dropping his hand to stroke against the cat wrapped between Levi’s legs before pulling the mug of tea toward himself. “But I always get up early.”

Levi nodded his head. He would not ask questions because he’d been in that place once before, and even if nothing that had happened to him ever happened to them, their experiences had left scars.

“I’m taking Gabi to her MMA class later. I’m picking some items up in town for the grill. You can come with me or you can stay with Erwin. I think he’s wanting to prep the lawn.” Levi wasn’t sure what that meant exactly, just knew that the garden had become Erwin’s thing; his domain. Levi wasn’t gonna argue. At least he didn’t have to cut the grass.

“I think I’ll stay with Erwin if that’s okay.”

“That’s fine.” The politeness was alarming. Levi wasn’t sure if the kid was terrified of doing something wrong, or just that nice. He’d have to ask Onyankopon at some point. He’d know the answer.

“Levi?”

“Yeah, kid?”

“Do you think I could get a job at your teashop?”

“You’re just a kid,” Levi said. He’d had kids ask before, looking to earn a little extra money, but they’d all been in high school at least.

“I want to look after Gabi and me. So we can get our own place and be independent.” Falco looked up at Levi with a serious expression, small hands curled around his mug.

“What about college?” Levi asked. Isabel had gone to the community college, which was more than what he’d imagined she’d do. Falco was academic and had ambition buried beneath the fear.

The kid shrugged, and his cheeks turned scarlet. “College isn’t really for people like me.”

“Erwin’s a professor. He’s going to want you to attend.”

“But that’s a really long time away and we might not—” Falco pressed his lips together. “It doesn’t matter.”

“Hey. You’re not getting rid of us that easy. You’re not going anywhere. Not even after you turn eighteen, all right? If you want to go, then we’ll help you out; if you don’t, we can look at other options.”

Falco stared at Levi, brow creased, with his hands wrapped around his mug. “But why?”

“Guess I must like you, huh? Drink your tea before it gets cold.”

“Okay.” Falco did as he was told, sipping the tea before slurping it down. Levi studied him across the table, this quiet boy. Polite to the bone. Levi hadn’t been like that as a kid, Isabel definitely hadn’t either.

“In a couple of years, we can think about getting you established in one of the shops. Mine or Erwin’s, but just try to be a kid for a bit longer, alright?”

Falco smiled shyly. “Okay.”



Gabi was a terror in the morning, whereas Falco was bright and polite from the moment he awoke, she had two moods; either brooding or foul. Levi figured he’d have been the same if he’d not grown himself a portable wailing alarm clock at her age.

But it was Saturday, and a month back Levi had signed her up to MMA classes every Saturday morning. Gave her anger an outlet, or energy to burn at least. She came downstairs an hour after Falco, who was sitting at the table, looking through Levi’s test papers. Levi was wiping down the windows from the inside, staring at the cloth every time he wiped it clean.

Levi set her up at the table with cereal and juice, but left her to it. He wanted to mop the floors. Needed to do it, or his mind wouldn’t be able to focus, but with the two kids established at the table, Falco chatting happily to his brooding friend, and Erwin still not down, it was only going to take an age for it to dry.

“You’re doing it again.” Gabi’s voice sounded loud and clear in the room. Levi blinked up at her. He’d finally agreed to a housewarming barbeque that afternoon, but the thought of so many people in his personal space was freaking him out.

“Yeah, sorry.” He wiped a hand over his face and forced himself back into the present. “Finish up and get yourself ready.”



Gabi’s MMA sessions were housed in a gym just across the street from the grocery store, so Levi dropped her off with a promise to be back in an hour. She still looked dubiously at his promise, but she was getting better at believing him.

Levi had half a mind to wish someone had paid for him to take MMA lessons as a kid. Maybe he’d have been in a better position to fight his own battles back then. Levi didn’t linger on the thought too much. He wouldn’t have had Izzy if things had been different. He couldn’t imagine his life without her.

“You need anything from the store?” He said, watching Gabi grab her duffel from the backseat. Last week he had tried to walk her in, but she’d been so embarrassed by it, he’d felt bad for the kid, and then wondered when it was that kids thought of him as old and embarrassing.

Levi watched her think about it, her heavy brows folding inwards for a moment. She was a cute kid when you got to know her. “Mochi?”

“Mochi? Alright, I can work with that.” He saw her off with a wave, watched her head inside with her bag bouncing over her shoulder before he drove off.

There was a small part of him that had always been a little soothed by grocery stores, which was pathetic, he realised, but back in the day, when he had nothing to his name but a toddler on his hip, they’d been like an amusement park. He’d chase Isabel around clothing racks, through cheap colourful clothes, just to wear her out. The knock off Barbies lining the shelves that he could just about to afford, and that she treasured. Tearing down the frozen aisles with Isabel standing in the shopping cart, pretending it was a pirate ship. That time they got kicked outta Walmart for knocking over an entire stack of canned fruit.

It made him sad when he thought about it too much; sad that he had to depend on goddamn grocery stores for entertainment because sometimes he was too poor to take Izzy out anywhere, and it was too wet for the park, their apartment too cold.

So he bought mochi like a bougie asshole and didn’t care about it because his kid wanted it, and yeah, not even a week or so after Falco and Gabi moved in, Levi was thinking of them as their kids. They were. He wasn’t giving them up, even when Gabi screamed the place down that first night, and refused to eat breakfast, and refused to go to school, so Levi had to stay at home with her, and let her rage at the house until she calmed down and he asked her if there was anything she wanted to eat and all she wanted was mochi; the green ones, and they only had mixed boxes at the store closest to them, so Erwin had to buy several boxes on his way home from work just to satisfy her.

They had green ones in this store, so he bought several of them, as well as burger buns and more salad. He was back at the car in no time, pulling into the gym’s parking lot just as he saw Gabi saunter from inside, sweating and flushed. She smiled like it surprised her to see the car. He hoped she’d stop that, eventually.

“This car is a real piece of shit,” she said, climbing inside, far brighter than she’d been when he’d dropped her off an hour before.

“You’re too young to talk that nasty,” he reminded her, watching as she shrugged. “Seatbelt.”

“I’m old enough to know what a hypocrite is. You can’t tell me to watch my mouth.” Levi figured that was fair, but he also didn’t want to admit this, so he just pulled away from the parking lot and change the subject.

“Good session?”

“I guess.” He looked over to watch her pulling open the lid from her water bottled and suck it down. When she was finished, she wedged it between her knees, as there was no designated cup holder in a car like this. “Hey Levi, if there was an open session for… guardians or whatever. Would you come?”

“Sure. As long as you don’t demo on me.”

“No.” She suddenly went shy.

Levi softened, felt himself do it against his will. “I’d really like to be there, if you want me.”

“Coach Annie has just been talking about it. All the other kids have parents coming. Erwin could come too, if he wasn’t busy.”

“What about Falco?”

“Obviously.” Sarcasm dripped from her voice, and he laughed gently.

Levi had always hated attending events with other parents. Had always felt so odd and out of place. He was still banned from the friends and family area of the arena whenever Isabel had a game, but he’d try to behave himself for Gabi’s sake.

“Hey Levi, is it true?” She asked quietly. Her face was still flushed, the strands of brown hair that had slipped from her high pony sitting like tendrils pasted to her nape. “That you were like me and Falco. You didn’t have a family either.”

“I had a family - an uncle, but he couldn’t take care of me, so yeah, I was in care.” He hadn’t had the conversation with them yet. He wasn’t a talker, didn’t know how to broach the subject, didn’t want them to think it was about him, when so much of what he did was for them. “How did you find out?”

“Isabel told me,” Gabi said and Levi should have known his own brat and her big mouth was how it came out. “Were you ever fostered?”

“Not permanently. I almost was, but then I had Isabel and it was too much for them to cope with, so they sent me back to the group home.”

“I don’t ever wanna go back to a group home,” Gabi said. “I’d sooner run away.”

“Even if you were the biggest pain in the ass, I wouldn’t send you back, alright? You’re stuck with me and Erwin.”

“Even if I do something really bad?”

“Have you done something really bad?”

“Not yet, but I always seem to get into trouble.”

“I guess it’s a good job Erwin’s a lawyer then. He’ll get you out of it.”





Levi helped Erwin set the grill up when they got back home. Gabi disappeared upstairs with Falco, and he could hear the two of them laughing together. Made him wish for a moment that he’d been able to offer a sibling to Isabel, so she could have grown up with someone else her age. But regrets like that were unnecessary and unhelpful- that’s what Onyankopon would say, and frankly, putting his baby-making equipment to use just once had been more than enough.

He shook it off. And moved over to help Erwin rub sun cream on the back of his neck, where he always forgot. He let his fingers linger, stroking enough that he saw Erwin’s eyes flutter. They’d moved into the kitchen, utensils gathered on the table.

“I can’t believe I let you talk me into all of this,” Levi said, smiling when he felt a large hand wrap around his waist. His fingers were still greasy with sun cream, but he slid them up into Erwin’s hair, rising high to get a kiss from him.

“By this I presume you mean the housewarming party we’ve put off for six months? Everyone’s promised to stay out of the house, I promise,” Erwin said, when their lips nudged apart. He pressed a kiss to the tip of Levi’s nose, and his fingers stroked a path down his face.

“And the buying a house.”

“You like the house.”

“It’s alright.” Erwin puffed out a laugh, exasperated, but not really. He never was much at Levi, even on his worst behaviour. “They better not fuck up the lawn.”

“They won’t. I promise.”

“Alright.” Levi gave in to one more kiss before he pushed Erwin away with his palms against his chest. He could hear the padding of feet rushing down the stairs and didn’t want to be graced with the duo of horrified preteens watching them make out.

An hour later, Levi was making potato salad, which he found disgusting, but Erwin, in his current suburban dad experiment, insisted it was a necessity at all barbecues. He could make the thing his own damn self, but was too busy with Falco, zoning out the backyard, moving furniture into the shade.

“Getting hit on the head turned him into such a weirdo.” Levi jolted when Isabel popped up beside him. He hadn’t heard the front door go, but he felt that familiar rush he always got when she was close by. She gave him a loose hug, rolling her forehead into his shoulder before letting go. She smelled like that disgustingly sweet perfume, and weed, the tumbling mix of the two forming the scent he associated most with his kid.

“He’s doing good, though.” It was strange to think how both he and Erwin had worried how Erwin would connect with the kids. He’d known them well enough when they came into the teashop, but he hadn’t ever wanted children, and had been reticent to foster in the first place. Not that Levi had corralled him. He said it was what he wanted by the end and had thrived on the newfound responsibility.

He didn’t complain when Gabi connected more with Levi, when she asked for Levi to be the one to take her to her MMA sessions, or when she was truly upset, beyond Falco being able to help, how it was Levi she asked for, how she didn’t speak to Erwin for nearly two weeks before acknowledging him.

He had Falco. Falco who was kind and polite, and who had already been audibly mistaken for Erwin’s bio kid, who combed his hair like Erwin, and rolled the sleeves of his sweater up like Erwin, even when Levi warned them both that it would make the cuffs baggy. The two of them would spend Sunday mornings together reading the paper and all its suppliments while Levi and Gabi went out on a run.

Wasn’t so bad after all. Maybe it was what Levi had wanted all along.





“You like all these people?” Gabi asked quietly when the party was in full swing. Levi had a hamburger on his paper plate and had hidden beneath the tree with her when he’d noticed the nervous ticks play out on her face. On her lap was a small selection of mochi that Levi had purchased earlier for her. Gabi had her dark eyes fixed on the lawn ahead of them when Levi watched her. Isabel was hanging upside down in the tree, annoying Furlan with whatever it was she was saying.

It was a small crowd of people. Erwin had more friends, or more people he knew at least, but he understood Levi enough to know that he’d never want his backyard filled with them, nor had the new neighbours been invited. Levi had already sat through one shitty dinner party on his best behaviour. He wasn’t doing that again any time soon.

But Hange, Moblit and Pieck had come with a crate of wine, and Furlan had arrived not long after. Little Blondie, (“Armin, Levi, don’t call him that to his face”) was here with two friends he’d brought along. Mike and Nana had joined up. Even Petra and her family. Just enough people to make it feel like a party, not enough to overwhelm the kids - or Levi.

“Most of them.” Levi didn’t speak to Mike. He wouldn’t for a long time. He knew Mike was somewhat apologetic about the way he had gone about things, and he’d been a decent enough friend to Erwin, but there was no trust. Erwin saw him a few times a month, no longer able to keep to their Monday workout schedules with work, but he didn’t talk about it with Levi. He didn’t want to know.

Gabi lifted her own plate toward Levi, where she had one mochi left. He shook his head, but tried to smile. She just stared at him with her dark brown eyes before her interest caught on something across the lawn.

Armin, talking expressively with his two friends. They looked interested in what he had to say, which was nice. Levi was glad he had friends.

“You know, you should show Armin your new moves.”

“That would be mean,” Gabi said, chewing around the last mochi. “You said I couldn’t do them on Falco.”

“Yeah ‘cause I don’t want you to make him cry. Plus, it’s funnier. I bet you could knock Little Blondie out.”

“Probably.” She tilted her chin up, proud. Then her eyes slid to him, and her smile became a lot more wry. “I could try ‘em out on you? Bet I could knock you flat.”

“Then who will let you eat all the mochi?” She shrugged at his fair point. “Don’t you want to go and play for a bit?”

“Play? I’m not five.”

“Hang out then.”

“Can’t I stay here with you?”

“We can’t both be anti-social,” he reminded her, but then figured he was the adult in this. “Want me to introduce you to everyone?”

He’d been nervous about this. Thought maybe it was too soon to introduce Gabi and Falco to everyone. Some like Hange’s crew had already met them, but fleetingly in and out of the shop, never for very long. He’d fretted to Onyankopon about it, who had calmed him down the way he always did. He was glad now that their sessions comprised dealing with the smaller stressors again rather than Levi’s bigger issues.

Not that they went away. Not that Levi was normal by any stretch of the imagination, but he’d learned to live with his trauma years ago, and as life had calmed down, as it treated him better, his own emotions had softened with it.

“I don’t want you to do that.” She sounded horrified and stood up promptly, handing Levi her paper plate and brushing down her shorts. He watched her rush over to Falco, shyly planting herself at his side. She was frowning, but she did that when she was nervous. Levi just smiled.



Gabi might have settled into the party atmosphere fine, but Levi was still pinched with anxiety and disappeared not long after Gabi left to fuss around in the kitchen. He washed up the handful of dirty glasses that had made their way inside and tidied away some of the unopened chip packets in the pantry.

Levi had a fucking pantry. He had foster kids, and his own kid in her little add-on, but he wouldn’t ever get away from the fact he had this tiny little cupboard that he could step into and orderly rearranged whenever he felt like it. A room for fucking food. He didn’t even have a place for his own bed a decade ago.

“Hardly seen you today,” Erwin said, voice low, making Levi jump. He had a bottle of beer in his hand, and he placed it down on the condiment shelf. Levi looked over his shoulder at the beer bottle and watched Erwin laugh, not move it, and instead hold on to Levi from behind, bending down to lay a kiss against the side of his neck. “You weren’t there when I woke up this morning and I had a really nice dream.”

“Yeah. Couldn’t sleep.”

“This all okay?”

“I told you earlier it’s alright.”

“And you’re okay?” Levi felt the prickling of a grumble vibrating in his throat. He didn’t like being petted or pitied, or felt sorry for. Or whatever Erwin was doing. Almost preferred it when Erwin didn’t think about Levi’s needs.

“What do you want?” Levi knew exactly what Erwin wanted, could tell once Erwin had determined that Levi was his normal grouchy self, and took to plastering his giant hands over Levi’s body.

“You.” Erwin’s hand slid up his shirt, tucked against his ribs before it came to rest at his chest, thumb rubbing gently at the bar slotting through one of his nipples. He squirmed, but pushed back, annoyed but also wanting the friction.

Suburbia didn’t sit that well on Erwin’s skin; too much a man that had lived outside of it too long, but he’d turned into a good dad. Levi enjoyed watching him with the kids, just as he enjoyed watching him with Isabel when she had been small.

He closed his eyes and leaned back into Erwin’s touch, letting him cover his entire back, feeling his tickling, damp breath on the sensitive skin of his neck.

“All those people out there, Levi. All our friends and family and the two of us in here. What shall we do about that?” Erwin was already skirting his hand down Levi’s front, sliding it down the front of Levi’s narrow jeans, sinking into his underwear. Levi shuddered high onto the tips of his toes, rocked his head back.

“Seems like you wanna finger me in the pantry,” Levi gritted, aware he was losing his cool to the smooth sensation of talented fingers circling around over his growth.

“I wanted to taste you this morning. Thought I might put my mouth on you. Wanted to put you in a good mood for the day ahead because I knew how highly strung you were getting. Thought if I had you melting, it would help. Now I can’t stop thinking about it.”

“Oh, so you’re doing it for my sake?” Levi asked, arching his back as Erwin held him tight, one hand gripping his chest, the other seeking entry between Levi’s dampening folds. “You were just hopin’ to get your dick wet.”

Erwin’s fingers breached him, just the very tip, before he pulled them out and spun Levi around, hands tight to his waist. Levi tried to go with it, closing his eyes as Erwin pushed his shirt up, kissing at his torso, the rough, slick trace of a tongue around his nipple, soft open-mouthed kisses trailing low.

They’d done this before, not in this pantry, and not at any time that Erwin recalled. But they had fucked quietly in an enclosed space. A rush of memories came at him at once; Erwin’s burning hands riding over his body, his desperate tongue in his mouth. Reciprocating for the first time in years. Made him think about how he could let Erwin unbuckle his pants, could let him bend him over and fuck him; could get wet enough to take the tip, at least.

“Erwin. Red. I’m calling red.” Hands fell from his side, and Erwin’s face furrowed in concern as he stood up to his full height. A rush of unwarranted relief flooded like it always did when Erwin immediately stopped when Levi used the colours.

“Are you okay?”

“Yeah.” He actually was getting a little wet. Would quite like to stay in here with his hot as fuck husband than deal with everyone outside, cluttering up his backyard. “This is a pantry and not a wine cellar, but it kinda reminds me—”

“Of my father’s wake. Of the affair.” Erwin nodded his head. “I’m sorry, I didn’t think.”

“Don’t be sorry. You’ve worked me up, you’ll get your reward later. I build associations quick, you know that. I don’t want to overthink it is all.”

“Thank you for telling me.” They did this a lot now. Levi had worked on being as honest as possible, and Erwin accepted it, before they analysed later. Erwin pulled him into a hug, apologising when his boner pressed into Levi’s abdomen. Levi went with it, laughed into his chest. Of all the Erwin’s he had dedicated himself to over the years, this one was his favourite.

Levi could stay like this forever. Erwin was his, and in his arms, and he wasn’t scared of disappointing people, or hating himself for his past behaviour. He was enjoying life; enjoying Levi.

There was a piercing scream that had them jolting apart. A thousand images flooded through his mind until he heard Isabel’s filthy laugh above everyone else. They both rushed out from the pantry, through the kitchen, and into the backyard to see what had happened.

Armin was flat on his back, hands held up in self defence. Gabi was standing over him, in a finishing position, chin tilted upwards. When she saw Levi, she waved him over, cheeks flushed.

“Levi look!” Gabi called as both he and Erwin rushed over, everyone else milling around close by. “I took Armin out like you said.” He heard Erwin chide his name softly but Levi bent down and offered his hand to Armin, who was dazed and pink cheeked.

“She’s really good,” he said, sounding only a little winded and in good humour. As he stood up, he lifted his palm to Gabi, who slapped her hand against it. “Gabi, you’ll have to teach me that move some day.”

“I don’t think you could do it. It takes a lot of practice,” she said seriously. As always, Falco was looking on cautiously, even as Gabi retied her dark hair again, the two of them rushing to Isabel’s side when she called them over.

Gabi spent the rest of the afternoon with Falco, tearing around the backyard and threatening to practice her moves on any of the adults that looked her way. Levi wondered if it was possible to set her on Mike, but figured he was a grown man. He shouldn’t get his kids involved in his own issues. He spent the rest of the afternoon tucked up to Erwin’s side, the solid weight of him calming.

Everyone left just as the sun started to set. Levi had had enough of people traipsing over his lawn at that point, enough that a headache was settling over his eyes and he wouldn’t be able to even attempt fake pleasantries with the people he actually loved. Pieck squeezed him extra tight as she, Moblit, and Hange left in her tiny blue Fiat.

He left Erwin cleaning up the grill when he noticed Armin and his friends following Isabel and Furlan into the entrance of her apartment. Gabi and Falco were watching a movie in the living room. When he poked his head in, Gabi was curled up in an armchair, snoring. Falco didn’t look far behind, but he waved tiredly at Levi. They seemed more like kids now than the serious little things they’d been when they’d first tracked into his teashop.

He showered to wash the day off him, scrubbed behind his ears, across his scalp with water that was a little too hot. Cooled it down slightly, and let the water needle down across his shoulders and back until the muscles softened.

He thought about the test papers still tucked away neatly in the kitchen. Now would be a good time to look them over. He was out tomorrow with Isabel, and then it would be Monday and he’d get caught up with his work and the brats and keeping everyone on schedule — Erwin included. Levi knew he was pushing it back, still embarrassed, would always feel inadequate, surrounded as he was by people that hadn’t made the choices he had.

But not tonight. By the time he stepped out of the shower, the thought of going downstairs and opening up a textbook was exhausting. Not tonight. Maybe by the time Gabi and Falco were in high school, he’d think about it. They could study together. The thought made him laugh as he headed into the bedroom, a towel wrapped around his waist.

They brought a new bed when they moved here. Levi’s old bed had been secondhand along with the rest of his things, and with it came too many associations. He’d still been with Zeke when he first got it, had his first good experience with Erwin in it, cried too many unhappy tears in that last year in it. He’d agreed to a new one, another big change, another thing he had left Erwin to handle.

The bed was enormous and stretched out along the far wall, a new wooden headboard, their old sheets on it, so there was at least some familiarity. Outside of the familiarity of Erwin, who filled it with his furnace-like heat.

Erwin was sitting on it now, spread out in his shirt and shorts, hair bleached golden in the sun, smiling up at Levi as if he’d been waiting for him there. For a moment he looked like he did all those years back, beautiful and young and charming and frustratingly shredding up Levi’s heart.

He crawled up Erwin, over the length of his body. His man, his only man. Levi’s hands found their place on Erwin’s chest, spreading out and barely filling the space. Erwin looked up at him, his nose red, his cheeks warm to the touch when Levi reached out.

“Tch. Why didn’t you top up the sun cream like I told you?”

“I did,” Erwin said, but he faded from the conversation, more interested in sliding his hand up Levi’s waist, where he curved out just a little. He looked down at the wide hands over his hips, sat his ass down a little firmer. “Can I ask you something?”

“I guess.” Levi’s hands moved, picking at the buttons on Erwin’s shirt, thumb coaxing them through the holes so that his skin beneath was exposed. His knuckles glided over golden hair, coarse, and tickling as it brushed his knuckles.

“Was I ever this happy before?”

Levi was glad he was sitting, even if he was sure Erwin noticed how his fingers jolted suddenly as they moved over. When he reached the bottom of his shirt, he pulled it open, exposing his bare chest.

With his work more regimented, he no longer had time for his gym sessions with Mike, and as much as Levi tried to drag him out for an early morning jog, cardio wasn’t Erwin’s bag. It had made his body softer, his stomach pushed a little more firmly against his boxers, and he’d commented a little self deprecatingly about the channel between his abs that he had woken up with in the hospital now disappearing.

Levi loved it. Erwin made a better cushion. Levi settled into him, curled up against his chest at night, or during a movie, or even like today in the backyard, just resting himself against Erwin and feeling the shield his body created.

“I made you happy before, but without the guilt, I think so. And I’m happier,” Levi said eventually. It was true. Their relationship before had been what he’d considered good, but Erwins’s shatterproof layer of guilt had clung tight to the vestiges of the mistakes he’d made.

Levi had always been reluctant to discuss his own issues with him, scared that it would send Erwin packing. There’d always been that niggling of worry in the back of his mind before; not good enough once, not good enough now. Erwin was only with him because there was no one else that would have him.

He had spoken of little of the things that had happened to him, but he’d mentioned some when he felt strong enough, and Erwin had stayed. He had kissed both palms, and Levi’s wrist, rolled his nose to Levi’s pulse points and said he wouldn’t ever leave. Wouldn’t want to. Before, Levi would never have divulged, never allowed himself to break down in front of Erwin in the way he had. It had always been the other way. Levi couldn’t say he enjoyed discussing it, he fucking hated it, but the comfort and understanding couldn’t be replaced.

“I think I must be happier,” Erwin decided. “I’ve never slept as well.”

“That’s true. Even Falco heard you snoring this morning.” Levi wriggled against the pinch Erwin gave his waist.

“I ought to make it up to you, don’t you think?”

“Oh. So how do you think you’re gonna go about that?”

“I can think of several ways.” Erwin’s voice lowered in that way that pulled somewhere behind Levi’s navel. He leaned down, elbows by Erwin’s ears, and nipped at the tip of his nose. “Starting by what I planned to do this morning.”

Levi remembered Erwin’s comments in the pantry, about putting his mouth on him. He nodded his head and lifted onto his knees, letting Erwin shove a pillow beneath his own head before gently guiding Levi further up, so he was balanced directly over Erwin’s mouth.

Erwin’s thumbs slid to him, sliding to his folds and pressing them open. Levi closed his eyes in anticipation at the first swipe of his tongue lapping at him. It’s not like Levi had much experience, but Zeke hadn’t enjoyed going down on him, and Erwin, pre-brain damage, had been a little more nervous about triggering him. Now he was eager, brutal in his need to bring pleasure.

“Lemme take control,” Levi said, grabbing at Erwin’s wrist and pulling it away from his thigh, where Erwin was holding him up. Erwin let go and Levi lost the stability, and fell onto Erwin’s face. He caught his palms flat on the pillows, watching Erwin open his mouth around Levi’s growth, pulling him into the slick warmth between his lips.

Fuck.

“Fuck.”

Erwin sucked at his dick, gently coaxing it hard with slick laps on either side, pressing firm kisses. He raised one hand, pressed the heavy weight of it against Levi’s spine as a brace.

“Gonna get me nice and wet for you, huh?” Levi asked softly, shifting one hand to fisted into the crown of Erwin’s hair. He got an amused hum in response. He rolled his hips down, felt Erwin holding his cheeks tight, so he could slide that tongue up and inside Levi. God, he wanted to come. He could come like this. Could come and then let Erwin fuck him through the aftershocks. He should get two orgasms to Erwin’s one. It was only fair for how he’d riled him up in the pantry. Making him remember parts of their history he’d always rather forget.

But actually — no. Levi was a romantic. Would always deny it, but he was, and he wanted to come with Erwin. Wanted to feel stretched out and hazy with the fat girth of his husband buried up tight inside him. Just the thought was making him crazy, making him wetter. He lifted, giving Erwin a chance to breathe as he shifted back, sitting over his lap instead.

Erwin’s swollen lips were glossy. He watched Erwin suck his bottom lip into his mouth. His face was damp, and Levi wanted to clean it from him, lap it up like a kitten even when he knew it came from him. Instead, he slipped his fingers between his own legs, checking to see how wet he was.

Pretty slick, in all honestly, when he pulled his hands back. Glazed in his own arousal. Not enough, though, not for the size of Erwin. He climbed off Erwin to pull open the nightstand, on high alert as he listened to the soft sound of Erwin shucking his pants and predictably wrapping a hand around his own length, coaxing it up.

“Need a hand?” He offered, turning to look over his shoulder. Erwin was kneeling up with his thighs apart, one hand gliding over his cock. He was damp at the tip, already oozing precome. “Apparently not.”

“I love how you taste. You know how it gets me.”

“Could you come with me riding your nose?” Levi asked, slicking his own hand up.

“I’d rather not test out now. Oh god, Levi.” Erwin puffed out a groan as Levi wrapped his lube-slicked hand around his cock. He was thick and hot, sensitive against Levi’s fingers. On the fat side, but not short with it either. Couldn’t ever say it perfectly proportioned him for Levi’s use; their size difference was immense, but he loved it. Couldn’t get enough of it.

Slicked up with lube, Levi sunk down on top of Erwin’s cock. The breach had him arching his back, huffing. He had Erwin drawing bruises into the fleshy parts of Levi’s narrow hips because it felt that good.

Levi thought about Erwin in his little sweaters and cardigans and his tie that he straightened every morning, and his briefcase, and how passionate he was about teaching in a way he had never been about practicing. Fuck. Maybe he did have a professor kink.

“Where’ve you gone?” Erwin muttered his words into the damp hollow of Levi’s throat but he heard him all the same, and gasped a high whine when Erwin pinched a gentle squeeze to Levi’s cock.

“Nowhere. I’m here.” Levi gasped, tipped his head down so their mouths could meet. The kisses were wet, clumsy. Levi was wet, and Erwin wasn’t helping matters. He was grinding down on top of him, trying to chase the orgasm that he’d almost smeared over Erwin’s mouth.

His old bed had creaked a little, and the headboard banged noticeably if they became a little too impassioned. This new bed was different, sturdier. They could fuck as hard as they wanted if they kept their voice down. They had kids in the house now. It differed from before.

He could feel Erwin inside him, heavy and hot. Today was a good day, so he wanted it raw and in his front hole, wanted to feel stretched and wet after, wanted to feel the flutter and pulse and—

Erwin’s mouth had dropped as Levi slipped into his head again. The tingling sensation of a tug at his nipples and he stared down to see Erwin had fixed his teeth round the jewellery piercing his left one, stretching the pink nub as his other hand slid up, thumbing at the other one.

Levi squirmed, arched his chest into Erwin’s mouth, where his tongue slid rough and wet against him. He bounced, used his hands as a brace on Erwin’s shoulders to help rise. Lube helped the slide, and the room was slick with the sound of it as he moved. He pulled all the way off to feel the head pop out from his body, riding against his own growth as Erwin continued to nibble, bite, and suck at his chest. He gasped and grabbed at Erwin’s wet cock, pushed down again to feel himself kiss against the weeping head, to open and allow Erwin back into his body.

Levi sighed at the wet breach. The way his body clenched to the thick base of Erwin’s cock, the way the world seemed to move, and his vision blurred. He blinked, and he was staring at the ceiling, and Erwin was facing him. He must have flipped them. A pause. Erwin asked for a colour.

“Green. Now come here and fuck me.”

Erwin did as he was told. He hefted Levi’s leg to his shoulder, kissed his ankle, as his hips started their slow thrusting. Levi shuddered, rolled his own arms upwards beneath the pillow. Fuck yeah, he could lay here and let Erwin fuck him. Allow himself to be fucked like this.

And it was a fucking magnificent sight. Erwin was dripping with sweat, flattening his hair to his brow, the tips catching in his eyelashes and darkening the gold. His mouth, still swollen and red from where Levi had fucked onto it. The tendons rippling in his forearms where he was bracing himself and fucking. The broadness of his furred chest, abs softened, it added to the sensation. Levi felt small, something that he’d feared before, but now he felt protected by it.

He looked down at his own body, still firm, thighs split. The one leg that wasn’t up on Erwin’s shoulder was bent at the knee and braced foot-down on the mattress. He lifted his hips to meet Erwin’s thrust and looked down at his growth, swollen and slick. In the low lighting, the metal through either nipple seemed to glimmer.

He felt hot. Fuck. He never felt hot. Feeling attractive brought issues with it he’d only ever discussed with Onyankopon. Feeling wanted and desired had been what had got him in trouble all those years back, and it often left him feeling filthy and disgusting.

But Erwin wasn’t that man now. He wasn’t even the man he’d been before the accident, the one that had admitted his love but maybe not loved him like he did now. Who fucked him cautiously, apologetically. This Erwin was selfish to his own needs, but made sure they matched Levi’s own and was all the better lover for it.

Levi circled a damp finger around where they were attached, where Erwin was plunging in and out of his body. His other hand slapped down to Erwin's ass, squeezing tight. His toes curled as the sensation tingled throughout him.

It didn’t take long for the crest to take Levi over. He clenched, felt the wet pulse of Erwin’s cock inside him, flooding him with his relief. Held him tight to his own body, soaking in Erwin’s trembling body, stroked his sweat-soaked hair as he shuddered, Levi sliding his legs up and around his waist, grounding him. Erwin spoke gently, tongue damp against Levi’s ear.

He didn’t want to unhinge his legs from their place either side of Erwin’s waist, but he let them down eventually, groaning when Erwin made just enough movement to pull himself out.

“You fuckin’ came as you were pulling out,” Levi said, when he touched between his legs and felt the wet gush of come pooling on the sheets beneath him. “Creampie-ing at your age, old man?”

“Behave,” Erwin said lightly, dutifully exiting the bed to their en-suite for a towel run. Levi enjoyed the view of his naked ass, marked with red where Levi’s nails had dug in at some points. He came back with a cloth and handed it over to Levi before climbing onto the bed again, stretching out on a long sigh.

“Weird how mashing your brains has made you a much better lover,” Levi said, pressing the warm cloth between his legs. God, that felt good. He sighed against the warm compress as Erwin rolled onto his front, face down, and buried in the pillows. His laughter was so pronounced Levi was jiggled by it. He slapped half-heartedly in annoyance.

“Was I truly terrible before?”

“No, you were good,” Levi admitted, turning on his side so he was facing Erwin. He couldn’t help the smile that peeled over his features when Erwin blinked softly at him. “But you’re better now.”

They settled into silence for a time. Levi messaged Isabel, telling her not to be up too late. She sent a voicenote back. Levi thumbed the volume up, so Erwin could hear it as well. It was her, Furlan, Armin and his friends all slurring a thank you to Levi for hosting the party. Then something intelligible. They were drunk, but happy. Levi’s heart fluttered, and he tried to hold on to the sensation, looking over at Erwin, who was looking dumb, and soft, and tired.

“I think I want more kids. Fuck.” Levi blurted out, the thought barraging through the twisted space in the back of his mind, where he had tried to lock it away.

“More kids as in…”

“Don’t fuckin’ complete that sentence. You know I didn’t mean it that way.” He turned, twisted so he was all up in Erwin’s arms, looking at his blue eyes, still a little glazed, cheeks pink and not just from sunburn. “Fostering. Or not. I don’t know. I thought maybe…”

The words seized up. It was still hard to speak his own wants, but he had brought it up in therapy last week and Onyankopon had reminded him that nothing would change if he didn’t bring it up with Erwin.

Erwin, meanwhile, just stroked his side lazily, waiting for Levi to get his words out. He looked a little disappointed when Levi moved to sit up, pulling his feet underneath him. Levi couldn’t cuddle now he had something else he wanted to say.

“We have money and time and skills. Could we not pool together somehow? I know your dream is to teach, and you’re amazing at it I’m sure, but—” he licked his lips, tried to pull the scattered parts back to himself. “There are these kid-based community centres in some states. Community cafes. They offer work, you know, and a safe space for kids. Opportunities. Could we look into it, maybe? If I get my GED?”

“You don’t need a GED to start a community centre.”

Levi frowned, and Erwin laughed. “I know, but I thought maybe, you know, you could like offer legal advice. Kids need it sometimes. Wish I’d not had to find so much shit out on my own. Is it a dumb idea?”

“Is it something you really want?”

“I want to help kids. Not all of them need a home like Gabi and Falco. Sometimes they just need support. I think I’m good at it, you know. Kids. Helping them.”

Erwin’s hands were moving. Levi felt the slow trace of them ghosting over his skin, lifting the hair as he shuddered into the touch.

“I want you to be happy. If this will help, then it’s what I want too.” Erwin closed his eyes. He looked rested. He looked the best he ever had. Levi didn’t think he’d ever loved him as much. “I’m in. I’m in it if you are.”





Chapter End Notes

I hope you enjoyed reading this as much as I did writing it <3





End Notes

Warnings: Implied dissociative state, flashbacks.

If there's anything from the main story that you'd like to hear Levi's perspective on...let me know and i'll try and wrangle it in.





Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!





