Chapter 1: One

Zeke Yeager is nothing out of his titan suit. A bookish looking blonde man with bottle-like glasses and a pretty face beneath the scruff of a beard. He smells like stale tobacco and his uniform is creased. Levi can’t stand the sight of him. 

Levi’s asked to meet him alone. If they’re to work alongside him, if Eren is making them go along with this plan, then Levi wants to be the one to direct Yeager in this. Hange is outside, on lookout, in case any of the other warriors catch wind of this.

They’re in a disused factory — the dust catches in Levi’s lungs and their breaths echo in the empty space, standing side by side in front of a heavy table. Levi’s spread a map of Liberio out across it, pinpointing their exact movements for the day. The plan is foolish, but they have little choice with Eren’s irrationality. Levi wanted to crush the breath from his lungs when they received the letter, but he’d bitten his tongue bloody when Hange agreed to go along with the capture of Zeke. There's been no other option, or none they could think of.

“How old are you, Captain?” Zeke asks, turning from the map to Levi.

Levi hears the comment, but he shrugs it off. Zeke smells a little of coffee and soap. Ink beneath it all. It reminds him of Erwin. Erwin’s fingers black with ink, the way he smelled of parchment. No one should smell of parchment, but he did. Somehow he did.

“Why the fuck does that matter?” Levi responds. He leans down towards the map, eyes glancing over the thin black lines marking their locations. He can’t kill Zeke in here, no matter the annoyance, no matter how good it would feel soaking the dust up with his blood.

“I have a casual interest in tracking the bloodline of the Ackermans,” Zeke says lightly. Levi still doesn’t give him anything, and he hums, thoughtfully. “Oh, you don’t know, do you? No one ever told you how old you are.”

“Old enough to know I don’t owe you shit.”

“Crude.” Levi bristles at the same moment that Zeke moves forward and they bump together. Levi hisses, but Zeke steadies himself, his hand sitting on Levi’s waist as he pushes one long finger against the map. “I’ll be here. Don’t go too hard on me, Levi.”

“We want it to look realistic,” Levi reminds him. He doesn’t move. Zeke must be making a game of it because he doesn’t either. He’s a tall, slim man. His hand span is large as he marks out his placement in the city. Levi’s own hand looks foolishly small beside it. Like a child’s. He turns it into a ball and twists his back to the desk.

All he can see is Zeke’s chest. He can smell smoke, and coffee, and his laundered uniform. His eyes shift to the left and he sees that awful red strip around his bicep. Levi knows a thing or two about that. At being labelled. He hadn’t grown up in the internment zone, but he’d been born in the underground — there was no hiding it when he came Above.

“You care about Eren, huh?” Levi says as a distraction. Zeke’s body feels warm pressed so close, but he can’t seem to push him away. It reminds him. It reminds him of Erwin.

It’s Zeke’s hand on his waist, squeezing tight, but it’s Erwin he feels. It’s not some empty warehouse in Marley, but Erwin’s office. It’s the two of them half gone on the last licks of the vile liquor they’d found from Shadis’ day, on the night before everything changed.

Levi’s hands, they fumble and fist, clutching beige fabric in his grip. He pulls Zeke closer, and the hand around his waist tightens.

 

___

 

Levi remembers little about those first few weeks post-Rumbling. Just smoke and pain. He’s left to a makeshift field hospital, worked on in the stench of a broken country by civilians forced into the role of nurses, as ashen as the rest of the patients.

Levi is given no peace to his thoughts, and no time for himself. People stream in to see him, recent-friends, and traumatised warriors. Eldians and others, they all praise him like some hero. Levi finds his words lacking, he finds his mouth sealing up like a tomb. He thinks of Erwin, and his friends, what he saw of them as they disappeared into the dust. His imagination, he is certain. But it felt real to him. All of them, so real and alive.

The brats come in to see him; they gather around like they expect something of him - for him to say something, for it to all make sense. They’re grown now, not much younger than he was when he’d been recruited, but they seem younger than he ever did. No one speaks Eren’s name to Levi, and it’s just as well. They have forgiven him, but Levi can’t fathom how. Regret percolates when he thinks of him. There’d been no saving him. Through his one good eye, he sees Mikasa isn’t among them, but he doesn’t question why. He can fill in the gaps.

Everyone leaves one by one except for Artlet. Still a little meek by Levi’s reckoning, but he’ll survive. He visits Levi almost daily, but it’s his last one that sticks the most vivid in Levi’s mind. His skin is purple beneath his eyes, and thin with it. His shoulders stooped. He needs to eat more, needs more confidence in himself. Levi keeps his grumbles about it to himself. Armin doesn’t need to know. 

“I suppose you’re going to say we have no need for a Captain,” Armin says, so serious. Levi hopes one day he lightens up, takes the serious stick out of his ass. He’ll never be the man Erwin was, but he sees signs of him in particular traits. “But I would like for you to remain with the Alliance, or an advisor maybe. In case you don’t like that wording.”

“I’m in no fit state for any of that shit,” Levi says. He wants to have soft words, but they’ve never come easy to him. All he’s ever done is help throw these kids further into action and chaos. He helped turn them into monsters, into murderers, before puberty hit. “I’m of no use to you, Commander.”

Levi’s never been one for grand talks, he’s not sure he has it in him and he sees his expression mirrored on Armin’s face. Suddenly his features change, and his shoulders soften with a weakness that Levi hasn’t seen in him for years. He slinks down in the chair beside Levi’s hospital cot, one hand holding onto the other.

“But you’re the only one left that knew before.”

“You can write me letters, I guess,” Levi decides eventually, for the brat’s sake more than anything else. He’s not sure that hearing from them will ever make him feel good, just a reminder of everything sacrificed. “I might respond to them.”

Armin smiles, pink and strained. Grateful, maybe. “Eren’s changed the world for us. I’m not sure we’ll be safe on Paradis, not for a long time.”

“You wanna return?”

“There’s work to be done. Reparations, and such. This only feels like the beginning,” Armin insists. “So you’re going to stay here?”

Levi isn’t going to stay here. Here is a field hospital built on the blood, bone, and hair of innocent victims. “I need to heal. I’m of no use to anyone in this state, Armin.”

Armin finally understands, his shoulders rolling up to his ears as he sinks into his chair. “You’ll really write us letters?”

“Never said that. Said I might read yours,” he grumbles. Levi is unused to the pain and the tiredness that comes with it.

When the brats leave for the nearest standing-city, Levi thinks he’ll finally be left alone, but the visits never stop. Gabi and her family visit almost every day, traumatised and pale, but determined to keep him. He thinks a little like a pet dog, old and worn out. He’s too grateful to send them away. 

“She told us how you helped her and now we’re going to take care of you,” Mrs Braun says, sitting in the chair beside his bed. She looks like Gabi — the same fierceness across her eyes and he finds he can’t say no even if he wanted to. “And please don’t call me Mrs Braun. It’s Beate, please.”

“All right, Beate.”

The next morning, they all arrive to tell him they’re moving somewhere else. They’d been waiting for the railway to be fixed further up the track. Levi doesn’t know where they’ve been sleeping, and none of them have any belongings between them, but they’ve filled a bag with clothing and they’ve found a wheelchair for him. Levi stares at it from out of his good eye. He has never had to depend on anyone, not since the day Kenny left. 

It’s an uncomfortable train journey, which gets packed with more families every time they stop. Levi tries refocusing on the relief that there are enough people still alive to fill the train, rather than the scent and headiness that clouds his senses with every passing moment. Sickness has been following him for weeks now, and it's hard to keep at bay under the conditions.

They travel for hours; the landscape changing from brutalised to calm from one hour to the next. There’s a large group of them moving together. Onyankopon, Falco’s quietly grieving family, and the blonde, bearded bitch, too. She’s meek in the corner and Levi stares at her, keeping down the nausea that rises. She won’t meet his face, and it’s only when Onyankopon clears his throat in Levi’s direction that he looks away.

“Where are we going?” he asks, aware that he sounds like Gabi, but she’s been asleep against Falco’s shoulder this entire leg of the journey. He can’t depend on her to ask the inane questions.

“Temporary accommodation in-land. I’m working on something more permanent, but it’ll do for now,” Onyankopon says. He offers Levi some water from his flask, but he shakes his head, gritting his teeth against his constant aches.

Sitting cramped as they are is doing nothing for his knee — as healed as it will ever be at this point. He used to heal so quickly, bruises, sprains and cuts barely causing any concern, before he was back out, slaughtering titans, slaughtering men. He used to fly through the air; he used to fly through the underground, twisting between narrow buildings, jumping through windows and rotten beams. He used to have nothing but the way his body moved. Now it doesn't feel like his own at all.

They arrive in a town overcrowded with survivors. There’s a sense of panic in the air, the huge sway of people around them. People are looking for places to live. If there are no houses, then they’re bunking down between alleys. Levi watches Falco and Gabi cower close together. It reminds Levi a little of home.

There ends up being almost ten of them across two floors. He’s given his own room, while everyone else bunks in together. He tries suggesting the idea of Onyankopon sleeping in the same room as him, so he’s not forced to share with Yelena and the two brats, but Gabi’s mother overhears and shuts him down.

“No,” Beate says, looking at Falco’s mother, who nods her head in agreement. “You need time to recover.”

He’s never had a middle-aged woman tell him off before, not as brusquely at least, and it’s enough for the fight to leave. Travel has worn him out and nausea rolls around again. He’s left to the room just off from the kitchen, and Levi can barely stand long enough to wipe the windowsill of dust. He tries not to think about why this house is now abandoned, why its owners never returned.

Levi spends the rest of his night in the room, standing up every so often and trying to put weight on his knee. He manages two turns around the room, before he stumbles and loses his footing. He falls onto the bed, breathing deep to stop the sickness. It’s a long night and he doesn’t sleep.

 

Levi skulks around the hallways of the barracks under the pretence of cleaning. He’s bored with no training permitted on Sundays, and tired of the inane chatter of his fellow soldiers in the mess hall. He’s already cleaned the hallways spotless, but he can’t cope with Hange’s company before midday, so he drifts, finding his way to Erwin’s office.

Erwin hadn’t been at breakfast, and Levi barely saw him the night before. He finds he misses his company. Erwin always has something for him to do; he can shuffle papers or tidy the books sitting haphazardly out of the bookshelves. Or listen to him talk about his father. He does that a lot to Levi, like he trusts him with his thoughts.

“If Furlan could see me now,” Levi whispers. Erwin had been their mark, and now he’s the closest Levi had to a friend. He’s changed. Not the same Levi he was six months back, when things were so different, when his friends were alive.

As he approaches Erwin’s office, he hears two voices coming from inside. He presses himself flat against the wall, curious. He’s always curious with Erwin. The other voice is immediately familiar — gruff and broad. Mike. Erwin and Mike, they’re two strange men. Levi likes the both of them, understands neither. Understands enough to know he’s being spoken about.

“There are worse things to do than take a subordinate for a lover. It’s not like he acts like one.”

“Mike.”

“I know you, old friend. How long has it been? I know you never visit the brothels anymore, but you need to lighten up. You’re not the commander yet — don’t let Shadis bury you beneath paperwork before you bury your need in someone worthy of a roll. He needs it just as much as you do.”

Erwin is sitting behind his desk. Levi knows because he hears the squeak of his chair behind the desk, the way he shifts his weight from side to side when he’s agitated. Levi knows his tells. He knows everyone’s tells. “You’re getting cruder with age.”

“You’ll think about it, won’t you? For an old friend’s sake?”

“You want me to fuck Levi for your sake? If that’s how you feel, why not bed him yourself?” 

Laughter permeates the office. Levi’s eyes narrow, his mouth filling with disgust. Tch. Topsiders. They weren’t any different from the ones that sought the dank heat of Below.

 

The house is cluttered with people, but Levi confines himself to his room, comforted by the chatter and laughter that lives on in the floors above. He fights the nausea that follows him from sunrise until afternoon, chasing it down with the dry crackers Beate gives him, ignoring the curious glances. He spends much of his time staring at the wheelchair parked in the corner of the room, hands resting over his abdomen, wondering.

Sometimes Gabi and Falco find their way into the room. The adults try to keep them out to allow Levi to rest, but he enjoys their company, and they teach Levi Marleyan card games with Onyankopon while he teaches them a decent poker face. Gabi cheats, or Falco lets her and Onyankopon watches on with a calm smile. The blonde bitch stops lurking, or maybe she just steers clear of the room. Levi doesn’t ask, and Onyankopon isn’t foolish enough to fill in the blanks either. They move in a powerful pack, this group of refugees. He feels as if he’s fallen through a crack in the floor, all the way down into the underground. The worn-in camaraderie feels familiar.

Mikasa visits a week or so later. She must have hunted them down somehow. She walks with such brittle fury; he thinks she might snap in half the moment she takes a seat. She wears that awful scarf again, and plain clothes. He is her only family left, but he doesn’t know what to do with that fact. She stares at the wheelchair in the corner, and then at Levi sitting upright in the bed. He’s removed the gauzes and bandages now, revealing the neat scar tissue left behind by his last true friend.

“I don’t know life without him, or how to have the strength —” she starts, and Levi feels the ache in his jaw from how he grinds his teeth together.

“He didn’t give it to you and he hasn’t taken it away either. It’s just different now,” he insists. “What are you going to do now?”

“They’re staying with the Alliance, but I—” her hands fold tight over one another on her lap. “I don’t think I can do that.”

“Then don’t. Go home, Mikasa. Make the best of it.”

She shrugs. She is twenty, but she has circles beneath her eyes the colour of bruises. She’s filled with the ghosts that she lost. Levi knows he had a life before he lost Erwin, but she barely did. She never saw beyond Jaeger.

“I saw Armin before they left for the nearest survivable city,” Levi says, to fill the silence that she can’t pull herself out from underneath. His grief tampered with the need to push forward, no breathing space. Levi had a point to prove about his actions. She hasn’t the luxury. She has time to dwell. She isn’t twenty-one. That’s still so young. “He’s already making plans.”

“Sounds like Armin.” She sighs heavily, then looks down at her knees. “I haven’t seen him.”

“Armin’s fine. He can handle shit,” Levi says, nausea spiking again. It always does this side of the day. Maybe the nausea is turning him wistful, but parts of her remind him of himself. “You need to go off and find yourself.”

“You’ve been sitting around too long to be saying stuff like that, Captain. Is it the wheelchair making you all wistful?”

“I’m succumbing to the idea of needing it,” he says with little thought. She flinches at the sound of his words. His weakness makes her feel bad; perhaps she blames Eren a little for that too. He looks at her through her one good eye. “What about Kiyomi?”

“We’re in contact, but I’m not ready for anything else.” Mikasa will never be the same — her love is an open wound, Levi isn’t sure Kiyomi will be able to do anything about it. “Was it the same for you?”

Levi opens his mouth. Erwin’s smile flashes through his mind — the one only Levi was witness too, when Levi made him smile, but he was too relaxed to bark out that discerning laughter. The way his eyes crinkles at the corner, how he would rub his thumb over one of his bushy eyebrows. His large square teeth, that made Levi want to hide his own sharp, jagged set.

Levi shakes his head. “I had no time for that.”

“Well,” her eyes slip around the room. They’ve never been able to hold a conversation, it bitterly obvious now. “Captain, what are you going to do with your life now?”

“It’s Levi. And I don’t know. I don’t know anything.” He cannot think of his future. He’s never thought of his future beyond survival, never had the chance to sit still long enough. Levi doesn’t have a home to return to. He hasn’t had a home since he was plucked from the underground all those years ago. Ten years of moving between barracks, his own room, Erwin’s office. Now he’s the limp house-dog the Braun’s are too soft to put down. 

“Levi,” she starts. He thinks she might cry, and he doesn’t know what to do about that. “I feel so tired. I just want to go home.”

“Then go home, Mikasa. And never come back.”

He doesn’t see the brats after that. Mikasa, he presumes, goes back to the island, the rest of them hard at work with the Alliance. He wishes them well but lets thoughts of them float to the back of his head, their time together distant.

He hears Reiner’s name every so often. Gabi talks of him nonstop whenever he comes up in conversation. Levi hopes he is doing better, but he has nothing to add to the conversation. He usually just sits there, drinking his tea, and swallowing down the familiar sickness. He barely leaves the room, but when he does, he forces himself up onto the cane he’s given, refusing the stiff wheelchair sitting in the corner. He’s getting better; he can’t stand unaided, by the stick helps him out.

“Will there be another war, do you think?” Gabi asks over cards. Levi can see her deck from where she sits on the edge of the bed beside him, but he pretends not to notice. Onyankopon sits on one wooden chair, Falco on the one beside him. It’s warm in the room with all their bodies, but Levi sits with the blankets bundled up over his abdomen.

“Not for a long time,” Onyankopon says. He’s trying to appease and calm the two children in the room. He’s good with kids, and Levi doesn’t have the heart to ask about his experience with them. He should ask. He should know about him, the way Onyankopon knows so much about them. “But war follows man throughout history, however many years of peace come before it.”

“Man needs to get better hobbies,” Levi grumbles, and Gabi laughs. She shuffles her cards, leaning against him. He’s reminded of Isabel, the way she used to paw at him. It hurts, like a hot knife dragging down his chest.

He loses the round, and the one another, and it’s only when Onyankopon pulls the two kids away, that Levi’s finally alone with his sudden onset of grief.

 

Levi makes the move.

It’s a cosy night after another expedition. They lost only three soldiers. Levi will mourn them all privately, but he’s been thinking mostly of Mike’s comment to Erwin about having his subordinate for a lover all night. It spins around his head, intruding his other mindless thoughts and limited conversations.

It makes sense. He can help Erwin relieve stress in this way. They spend nearly all their time together when Levi isn’t posted on separate missions. In the barracks, he’s mastered Erwin’s signature — a far better con artist than writer, but he signs paperwork in Erwin’s office while he plots and plans. Erwin doesn’t always speak his plans aloud, but Levi understands. He trusts. He sees the ambition in Erwin’s eyes and feels it reverberate around his chest.

So it makes sense, and Erwin ought to let off some steam, and Erwin is handsome, and Erwin is the kind of man that Levi would’ve eyed up in another life. It’s after dinner, and Levi lets the heat of the room fuel his confidence. He wants to kiss Erwin. Wants to wrap his arms around him, and have him lose control in his arms.

When they reach Erwin’s office, Levi locks the door behind him and then approaches. He has to pull Erwin down by his shoulders to kiss him. His breath shudders at the touch. He’s wanted this for so long; the feel of Erwin, the taste of him. He hadn't known, not really, not until Mike put the thought into his head.

“Levi. No,” Erwin says plainly, stepping back and breaking their touch. Levi watches how he presses the pad of his finger to his bottom lip, brushing the taste of Levi away, perhaps. It hurts seeing him do it, like a drag of something sharp across his chest, but he can pull back the emotion. He can lock it away. Erwin doesn’t want it, and so Levi nods his head.

“Oh, but I thought…”

“You’re a friend. You’re my best soldier.” Erwin’s voice sounds far off. “There’s so much work to be done. I can’t give anything of myself to anyone. Not even if I wanted to.”

“I understand,” Levi says. “I think I read the situation wrong.”

“No, you didn’t.” Erwin’s hand wraps around his own, and he brings it up to his lips, kissing his knuckles. The ache is pronounced, scoring deep, bringing a heat to his cheeks that they both ignore. Levi swallows it down. He keeps his face blank. He lets Erwin hold on to his hand until he finally drops it. 

 

One morning it rains so loud that the entire house seems fit to stay quiet in their rooms all day, but by evening, Levi can’t deal with the walls of his room. He stumbles upright onto his cane, limping from the room and shuffling into the kitchen slowly. Beate is in the kitchen, sitting at the table. The rest of the chairs look recently vacated, and there’s a sated look to her eyes, helped by the bottle of liquor sitting near empty. On the table are three empty glasses not yet cleared away.

“We’ll be moving north soon,” she says to him, clearing his throat. “Did Onyankopon explain?”

“No.” He shakes his head. He suspects he’s waiting for a chance to tell him alone, but Gabi and Falco are nearly always following him when he ventures into Levi’s bedroom, desperate for another game of cards, or company, or the stories he tells of all the places he’s visited.

“There’s a fleet of cars ready a few towns over. They’re going to take us up north, near the border of his home country. There’s a village with houses to spare. Untouched by the Rumbling. We were waiting for your injuries to heal and word that it’s safe. Are you ready?”

Levi shrugs. He’s not sure if he’s ready for anything. He just hopes they don’t see him as a burden. “I can get out your hair the moment I’m fixed up.”

She smiles at him. “I don’t think Gabi will allow such a thing and you’re in no fit state to get away from her.”

“It’s better than it was,” he says, even as his knee twinges. He leans forward, the fingers of his good hand slipping around the bottle of liquor. He doesn’t recognise the writing on the label; nothing they had back in Paradis. The lid isn’t screwed on properly. He needs only his thumb to flick it loose. He pours himself a shot into one of the glasses sitting empty, and shudders at the burn that chases his swallow.

Beate clears her throat. “I don’t believe that kind of drinking is suited to those in your condition.”

“Cripples drink plenty fine. I grew up around them,” he says. The alcohol is sweet and a little cloying. It never used to have much effect on him, so he’s never been much of a drinker. He used to watch Mike and Erwin sit deep in their cups, used to let Erwin lean heavily on him back from the tavern in those early years. For Levi, tea has always been cheaper, and tastes better, so he never bothered trading it up.

“I’m not talking about your knee, and you know it.”

Levi freezes, even as a shudder threatens to tighten his shoulder blades. He hasn’t put a name to it yet, or a thought beyond the fact of the nausea that had followed him from the forest. He’d known back then what it was, had hoped his injuries would’ve seen off the issue.

“I thought the explosion would’ve sorted it out,” he says eventually. The alcohol sits too sweet on his tongue, cloying. He no longer looks at her. “Lost my fingers, lost my eye, didn’t lose…whatever that is.”

“A child.”

He flinches. “How did you know?”

“I helped change you when you were recovering, so I was aware of your body,” Beate says it with a vague calmness, but not through personal discomfort. He is distinctly aware of the difference. “I helped deliver babies in the internment zone. I’ve had a child. I know the signs of growing one — the nausea that follows throughout the day. You’ve gained a little weight around your waistline despite your lack of appetite.”

He doesn’t know how to return her words, so he presses his lips tightly together. “It was an accident…I never—”

“No explanations are needed,” she promises, and her voice turns soft. “But things will not remain as they are for very much longer. You need to prepare for that.”

“I’m not telling people that I —” he tries to speak the words, but they get stuck. Whatever is inside him is a poison, a gift sent from the devil. A demon born of two enemies. He never wanted this. Neither would have Zeke. 

“How far along are you?” The meetup before the raid; Levi’s ass pushed up against the table, crumpling the map as Zeke’s fingers purple the skin of his thigh as he grips it so tightly. The smell of him, cologne, tobacco, desperation. 

“Four months, I think.” Time doesn’t move the same anymore, but he’s counted the weeks down since the Rumbling. A month he’d spent in the forest with Zeke, not breathing a word to him.

“You’re carrying small, then,” she says. “But it’s going to catch up with you eventually.”

 

After another ten days, they leave the cramped townhouse and make the trip further north. Cars are scarce, and they travel by cart and horse. It reminds Levi of other times, but he tries not to think too hard on it. As usual, Gabi and Falco volunteer to join the cart with him. He’s expecting Onyankopon to join them, but it’s Yelena who looks as if she wants to back out when she slips into the cart with him. She’s avoided him nearly all this time, and he never asks after her. He’s mostly been pretending she doesn’t exist, but it catches up with him now.

He closes his eyes rather than staring at her, Gabi resting against him, the constant rocking sending her to sleep quick, and Falco not long after. Levi is uncomfortable, even as the two children sleep. He catches Yelena looking forlorn, her eyes glassy as she sways, hands clasped over her lap.

“You loved him then,” Levi says, looking at her, pushing back the feel of Zeke’s beard against his throat; how he had pulsed inside Levi. The way his voice broke as he came. “You, uh… you think he felt the same.”

“He saved me,” she responds, looking at Levi. “I was useful to him, but no more than anyone else that did his bidding.”

“No one did his bidding quite like you.”

“You know what hero worship is, I’m sure, Captain. Eren spoke highly of you, even when he hated you.” Hated. Levi is surprised at the ferocity of the word. Eren hated everyone by the end. Too caught up in his own madness, only a fool like Yelena would see his words as truth. “I don’t think he saw me as anything other than a means to an end.”

“But you grieve for him.”

“We all grieve our own monsters, don’t we?” she says, and Levi wonders what she knows, how she knows. He looks away, swallowing down the vileness that he wants to spill. He’s no match anymore, and she has over a foot on him. He’s silent, looking out of the window instead.

It’s a full hour before Gabi awakens against his dead shoulder. Falco a half hour later. There is only so much of Gabi’s excitable chatter he can respond to, so he leaves it to Falco. After three hours they stop for a comfort break, and when Levi adjusts his clothes around his waist — a little thicker, the waistband a little more strained — he thinks of the parasite growing within and swallows bile threatening to rise.

For the rest of the journey, he misses strange things. He misses the sound of Hange’s laughter when they discover some vilely fascinating facet of titans. He misses the whistle of the wind when they would perch high on the walls. Levi remembers walking into Erwin’s office and putting his hand on a broad shoulder, shaking him awake after another night asleep at his desk. Erwin looking at him with those pale blue eyes, staring so intensely that Levi would crave something more, to touch his knuckles to his cheek, to rest against him. But the moment would pass, Levi would drop his hand, and Erwin would thank Levi for waking him, and walk him to his door. Levi misses all of it.

The further north they travel, the more untouched Levi sees the world. The flattened and torched landscape becomes lush with forests unmoved, windmills and villages blurring, unsettled but alive. They swap to cars eventually and Levi crams himself into the back of Onyankopon’s, watching the landscape blur as they move. 

The village is quiet when they arrive. It’s not unlike the ones Levi used to see in Paradis - far less modernised than what he’s seen of the world so far. Levi stays in the car even when the Brauns and Grices are shown to the two cottages stitched together with bricks, pretty thatched roofs and narrow gardens at the front. There are a few people standing around on the streets with curious smiles on their faces, clearly expecting the newcomers. He sees Gabi hold her hand out, introducing herself. (“I took a shot. I helped!”)

 Levi wonders if there would be room for him at all in a place like this, whether the kindness of strangers would extend to those that look like him - missing eyes and fingers, unable to walk, red lines of trauma cutting through his pale face.

Levi has nothing to his name. He has clothes too large for him, belonging to the dead children of grieving parents. He has Erwin’s bolo tie, which remained in his pocket throughout the explosion, crackled only a little. He has Hange’s care stitched into the folds of his scars. 

“Are there lodgings I can take up somewhere?” Levi asks. “An inn or something?”

“There’s a house for you, Levi,” Onyankopon says quietly. “Did you think we would leave you to find someplace by yourself?”

“Everyone’s charity is becoming worn. Tired.” Levi turns his face towards him. Armin hadn’t wanted Levi to leave the Alliance, but he feels the same about Onyankopon; he is the only tie to his home, to his life from before.

“Enough of that. I do have something to ask before I show you.” He waits for Levi to narrow his eyes, lips curling upwards, before continuing. “There’s so much rebuilding to be done; trees in need of planting, homes built for the displaced. I feel it’s my duty to rebuild. We barely knew each other before, but I feel the two of us have endured differently to others and that has created a bond.”

“I guess.” Levi shrugs. Sometimes Onyankopon reminds him of Erwin, in how he says so much, bending around the heart of the matter. “So you’re leaving.”

“I found a house. It’s a small cottage at the very top of the hill,” Onyankopon says. He points his finger towards the incline. Levi couldn’t imagine climbing it now, with the way his knee is. “It has a courtyard and stables. It’s sat abandoned since the last owner passed, but the village would like to gift it to you, and I wondered if you’d allow me to stay during the times I’m around.”

“Yes.”

They climb back into the vehicle and drive the short distance up the hill until they pull up outside the cream-stone cottage. Onyankopon stands a distance away as Levi scrambles from the car, wobbling heavily on his cane.

“I’m fine,” Levi says, one foot in front of the other. “I’ve been sitting down too long. My ass feels flat and my legs are stiff.”

“You could have your own car in time,” Onyankopon says lightly, but Levi’s distracted, staring at the building ahead. The cottage is a little shabby on the outside, but the cream stone is offset against the dark beams, ivy and wisteria trailing purple and green across the narrow windows. 

“I couldn’t afford somewhere like this,” Levi says, fingers wrapped tight around his cane. He bites down on his lip. He thinks of his mother. He thinks of his home beneath the earth, with Furlan and Isabel. 

“Have I not made it clear, Captain? This is a gift.”

Onyankopon leads the way as they move into the house, unlocking the front door and holding it open to Levi. It’s so dusty inside, the tiled floor leading to a living room on the very left. There’s minimal furniture; a sofa wrapped in cloth as if to protect from the outside, and a chair sitting in front of the grated fireplace. Levi stands and stares at it, his free hand balled into a fist as he looks. The wallpaper is pale green, a little dirty in place. A little soap and water will do the job. Levi’s never lived anywhere with wallpaper before.

He moves back into the hallway, walking forward until it opens up into a kitchen. There’s a window sitting above the sink, wooden counters, the cupboards painted white and a circular table in the centre. To the left of the stove is a door leading to the outside and Levi moves over to it. It’s a stable door, where the top and bottom can be moved separately. Levi’s weak hand fumbles with the latch until he opens the entire thing.

Levi steps outside into a small courtyard, with Onyankopon following behind. A few steps away is a worn looking stable, the cladding dull and the windows murky with age. Upon closer inspection, he sees a sad-looking bed pushed up against a wall through the open door, halfway to being hospitable.

“I was hoping you’d let me stay here over the next few months, just while I sort out my plans. I can help you tidy the place up and furnish it. This is a little barebones, but we’ll do what we can.”

Levi hasn’t seen the upstairs of the cottage yet, even so, it’s far too much for just one person. “You can live in the house, not out here like a stableboy.”

“I have plans to sort this stable out. Don’t worry, but it’s just — I was the youngest son with three sisters and they all lived at home with their families. I’m afraid I know quite a lot about the early stages of pregnancy and the sickness that can occur,” Onyankopon says quietly. “I’ve said nothing to nobody, but it’s why I thought this house was discreet enough, with space to grow.”

Not just Beate, then. Levi worries his lip for a moment, absorbing the words. He finds he can’t look at his friend, and stares at the worn leather of his shoes. “It’s unspeakable what I’ve done.”

“We all do unspeakable things when threatened.” Onyankopon hesitates and Levi turns towards him, eyes lifting only as far as his chest. “There will always be couples looking to complete their families. I could try finding one.”

Levi thinks of his mother. She could have sold him to some rich family Above. Would have solved her problem nicely. Could have helped her survive for longer without a brat to feed. But he’s in a better place than she ever was. Levi is in this way because of his own foolishness. Because he let the brief touch of an enemy’s hand cloud his judgement.

“This is my problem. I’ll deal with the consequences.”

Onyankopon’s laughter is warm, and so is the touch of his hand upon his shoulder. “My friend, I will support whatever you want to do with your life.”

Levi is still concerned about the state of the stable when Onyankopon leads him back into the kitchen and up the stairs. There’s a very small landing leading to three separate doors. One housing a plain bathroom. He eyes up the large porcelain tub. It’s seen better days  — the drain a little rusted, the taps cloudy, but he can see the potential. He remembers bathing underground, sharing the filthy water with several others.

There is a small room towards the back of the house, with nothing in it but a wooden chair propped by the window, a faded rug over the wooden floorboards. Levi stares around it, listening to Onyankopon breathe slowly behind him.

“So this is the room you’ll stay in when you visit,” Levi says quietly, thinking back to the cold, damp stable outside and how desperately he doesn’t want to put Onyankopon up in it. 

“This isn’t my room, Levi,” he hesitates softly. This is untouched ground between the two of them. “Hange had their concerns about you. They wanted me to protect you when they were no longer around. Although they said you wouldn’t like that too much.” 

“Yeah, that’s fucking right.”

“You have time to decide. If what I mentioned before is something you’d consider…”

“I never told Hange,” Levi says, not about any of it. Hange saved him, Hange clothed him and redressed his wounds. How would they have known? It was still so early when they found him. When he lost them. He tries to imagine admitting his shame to them. They would laugh. They would slap him and then laugh harder. They would make a joke of it, call it an experiment. Say they’d done worse with a titan or two.

“Their intuition was always stellar,” Onyankopon says and his hand rests lightly on Levi’s shoulder again. He sighs beneath the touch. It’s a comfort, mostly. “Shall I show you the main bedroom?”

The front bedroom is large. The floorboards creak when they step over them and Levi finds himself drawn immediately to the window. It looks out onto the overgrown front garden, and Onyankopon’s shining black car. There’s a large oak tree directly opposite, across from the parked car, and more trees beyond. They’re high on a hill, Levi can see the tiny houses of the village below. Seeing them but knowing the distance it takes to reach them soothes Levi’s spirit a little.

“There’s a stream through those trees. It should be a simple walk once we find it,” Onyankopon says. “And I forgot to mention, this house belonged to the uncle of the butcher in the village, but after he died, it’s sat empty for years. This wasn’t taken from anyone. It was gifted.”

“Anythin’ else?” Levi asks, tampering the quirk of his lips. Onyankopon knows how to talk, he knows how to sell. He’d have made a good frontman for the Corps back in the day.

“Looks like a tricky walk down to the village,” Onyankopon says, as if able to tell Levi’s thoughts. “It may be some time before you’re able to even attempt. Even the wheelchair may be a bother, though I already know how you feel about that.”

“Like an overgrown toddler,” Levi says. Onyankopon has a point, but Levi feels something akin to relief. Walking into the village, people being able to see him and what he looks like in a few months’ time brings over a new nausea. No one can know. No one strange or familiar. He’ll deal with the aftermath and the consequences later.

“Did Hange say who they thought—” Levi questions, unable to finish it. He turns to see his friend standing in front of the large bed — a larger bed than Levi’s ever slept in. One for couples. He used to share a narrow one with Furlan in their home, and Erwin’s sometimes, too. That last night before they left for Shiganshina, he had laid his head in the crook of Erwin’s arm, resting against him in the narrowness of his bed. His heartbeat was strong, Levi had counted it instead of sleeping.

His eyes moved about the room, towards the crooked dresser in the corner, the brown trunk at the base of the bed. Levi doesn’t have enough items to fill a house this size, let alone the room.

“If Hange knew the fine details of your condition, they didn’t utter a word of it to me. I don’t think they would judge, in any case.”

Levi nods, knowing in his heart that Hange hadn’t ever known a comment they could keep to themselves. If anyone wasn’t to judge, it would be Hange. It gives him a small piece of respite.

“How long will you be staying with me for?”

“For the next few months,” Onyankopon says. “And don’t assume I’ll just be fretting over you. I think there are enough people in the heart of the village to do that, but I would like to help you get settled, if that’s okay with you. We’ll make this place a home for you, and a decent place for me to stay in the stable outside.”

Levi nods his head, agreeing. “There’s work to be done.”

 

 

The next few months move at a slow pace. Levi’s knee never heals fully, and he stares at the gnarled and scarred tissue in the bathtub with frustration, but he gets better on his cane and the nausea comes to a stop. Onyankopon helps him around the house, sanding down the floors, bringing Levi the products stocked in the general store down in the village. They freshen the walls with new licks of paint, and the stable windows get refreshed, the exterior paintwork neatened. It feels like a home.

“They sell cleaning products now. Some factories are still surviving,” Onyankopon says, returning after Levi sent him on a trip for groceries. He’s arrived back with a handful of bright cleaning supplies.

“It’s not the same,” Levi says. He’s used them before, when they stayed in Marley, but the chemicals cling to the back of his throat and make his eyes water, so Levi sticks with the white powder and vinegar solution, and it works well enough that the windows sparkle. He feels good about that.

They grow closer, spending so much time with one another. Levi mostly supervises when Onyankopon insulates the stable. He brings bedding and warm blankets, and drags a dresser from the back of his car, gifted from someone in the village. Levi paints it white. He likes how the sun streams into the stable in the morning.

No one in Onyankopon’s family has survived — or at least he has written and heard nothing in response. He goes quiet during those moments and Levi leaves him to it, moving back into the kitchen where he sits at the table drinking tea, and ignoring how he’s had to loosen his pants. They don’t do up anymore.

In better moments — for Onyankopon at least — he leaves for the village for paint, or food, or something else, and returns with visitors. Levi doesn’t like visitors. He likes sitting in his living room with the curtains drawn and his eyes fixed on the dark edges of the room, forcing down memories.

He loses hours to it, only coming back around to the sound of the chortling engine of Onyankopon’s car rattling outside. Levi stares at the stumps of his right hand. Lost them. Lost his goddamn eye. Didn’t lose the other thing. It’s clung to him, gripped onto his insides, burying itself deep for protection. 

“You bought guests,” Levi calls out when the front door opens. He hears Gabi, but she’s pulled away from entering the room. Instead, he hears her mother tell her to fetch the broom from the courtyard and sweep the spots where the wind has blown the dust over onto the path.

“Mrs Braun wanted to see you,” Onyankopon says. He holds up a basket of groceries, smiling warmly in a way that Levi knows has gotten him forgiven for so many things in life. It does the job now. “I’ll unpack the things you asked for and help Gabi. Perhaps she’ll help with the cobwebs in the stables. I’ll need her to stand on my shoulders.”

“Yes, I think she’ll enjoy that,” Beate says, waiting until she hears Onyankopon in the kitchen before stepping closer. She closes the door behind her and then takes a seat on the sofa, just opposite Levi’s chair. Her brown eyes narrow towards him, and his fists curl up.

“You look like you want to say something.”

“We had doctors in the internment zone, of course, like Grisha, but they weren’t permitted at childbirth, not unless it was an emergency.”

Levi flinches when she says it. Birth. He still has a way to go, but already it’s causing him trouble. He’s not able to bind his chest as tight for how it hurts, and he’s stolen Onyankopon’s shirts for how they fit him loose, hiding the new shape of his body. The man says nothing of it, but his warm gaze lands on Levi’s back. Levi can feel it.

“What are you saying?”

“I’m saying I delivered around 30 children born in the last decade or so. I would like for you to see a doctor, but I can see by the sour look on your face that’s out of the question. You haven’t let anyone examine you.”

“I’ll be fine,” he says, waving a hand. “My mother had me underground, did it in the filth and acrid stench of that place. If she could do that with no trouble, then I’ll be fine too.”

She doesn’t look convinced. “Have you thought about it?”

“Trying real hard not to.” He can’t. He can’t think of the monstrosity awaiting him on the other side — the gift given to him by an enemy. “I look like my mother, or did before what happened. What’s betting the kid looks like me, too?”

“Would it be easier?”

Levi thinks of a child with blue eyes, blonde hair, taller than him, probably. Something he’s not allowed himself to think about so far. It conjures the wrong image, bringing a stinging sensation to his eyes. Raising a child like that. Could be mistaken for someone else, someone long gone.

“He’s dead, so it isn’t important,” Levi says. He draws his feet closer until his heels hit the bottom of the chair and his knee pulses with that constant low ache. The heavier the weight he’s carrying, the harder it’s becoming “I have four months left.”

“You’re carrying small, but you’ll balloon soon enough.” Beate’s eyes glide over his body. “I’m worried about your stability. You’re barely able to put weight on your knee as it is and sitting still isn’t good for you. You need to be up and about, Levi.” 

She’s started doing that, calling him Levi. Like he’s her child. He’s so used to being in charge, or the protector, the opposite turns his stomach; turns his tongue sour.

“So, what’s your diagnosis?”

Her mouth twitches. “You really are a terror.”

Levi sighs. He doesn’t want to be. He likes his little house, as far away as it is here. He likes it not being filled with inquisitive people who only want to help. He doesn’t deserve it. He owes it to everyone to stay here alone, to raise this devil as punishment for all the pain he’s caused everyone.

“You have barely any furniture. I’ve been scouting for a crib.” Levi flinches at the word. Crib. Something to put a child in. He’d never had one. His mother had kept him in a drawer in her broken dresser. That had been good enough for her. “And clothing. You’ll need something to dress the child in.”

“I don’t.”

“You do.”

“I can’t.”

“Why not?”

Levi tries to stand. He wobbles and reaches for his cane. He’s unsteady. He’s so fucking unsteady. She’s there though, holding onto him, a calm, steady hand on his elbow.

Levi remembers women like Mrs Braun underground, back before Kenny stole him away. A similar age and breadth, their experience settled into the fine lines of their face. She has a similar knowledge, a worn-in shape about her. He feels like a foolish child around her, like he did back then.

“I’m scared,” he says, falling back down onto his chair. “I don’t fuckin’ want this.”

It’s easier once spoken. He doesn’t mean that he wants to give the burden to someone else, as Onyankopon suggested. It just means he doesn’t want this. He can’t deal with this. He isn’t supposed to be alive. He should be dead with the rest of them, with everyone else he’s loved.

“You’ll do just fine. You’ve been through worse, after all.”

 

Levi finds his house slowly filling with furniture against his wishes. Every time the Braun’s visit, or Onyankopon takes a trip into town, something else shows up. A dresser in the kitchen, which gets filled with china. A wide side table that sits in the hallway, dressed with a bouquet that makes Levi sneeze. A red rug for the living room, to stop the bare wood floors from feeling so cold. Falco helps cut the hedges back in the front garden, and oils the gate so it stops making such a cacophonous noise whenever opened. Gabi bosses him around in the pretence of helping.

Levi is too ashamed to go down into the village himself even when Onyankopon offers the car, but the items they return with surprise him in the quality, and he loses the ability to thank them every time. His cupboards fill with dried foods and fruits. His shirts press against the round lump of his middle and become hard to avoid.

Levi’s bladder has become a little ball for the thing to kick, forcing him to relieve it at least once an hour. Gabi is standing in the doorway of the second bedroom, the one he so often avoids. She has a cloth in her hand from where she’s been tasked with wiping down the door frames and skirting. Levi can’t get on his knees to wash it like he used to.

He ends up staring beyond her, eyes drifting to the window where a crib sits in front of it, reconditioned and gifted by someone in the village no longer in need of it. Falco and his father had refitted a few of the beams, and a soft mattress lined the bottom. Beside the crib is a basket filled with cloth, with clothes to wrap a newborn in. Levi’s chest aches when he looks at it, so he avoids wherever possible. 

“I didn’t even know you could get pregnant,” Gabi says to him, breaking his thoughts. His eyes flick over towards her. Gabi’s nose has scrunched up as she stares at his middle, her dark hair a mess on top of her head. “Whose baby is it?”

No one has asked him that yet. It’s not anyone’s business. It’s not like any of them know who he is, or his life before they were all thrown together. Still, Gabi knew Zeke. She’s still angry at him, at the betrayal. When they’d shared that first house together, Levi had heard her screams of anguish through the walls. Zeke’s betrayal, his willingness to sacrifice everyone, including Falco and his brother to his plans. 

“That ain’t none of your business,” he says, moving beyond her to the bathroom.

“Well, I can’t believe anyone would want to get you pregnant!” she calls out, but he hears her knees hitting the floor as she gets back to cleaning. She can’t be that mad at him.

When the seventh month comes around, Levi’s forced onto his back and Beate becomes a shadow at his side. Summer has rolled around, bringing a smothering heat with it. Gabi shows up daily with her mother, but Falco and the rest of the men stop coming. Onyankopon keeps his distance, but Levi hears wood being cut outside, and the smell of paint drying on walls. Every night he brings Levi tea before bed, his fingers swollen and sore from his daily activities. Levi frowns down at them, but says nothing. It isn’t his place. He’s been othered. Once he’d been Humanity’s Strongest, and now he sits upright in a bed, barely able to move.

“You’re still recovering from life-changing injuries. Rest is good for you,” Beate insists, clucking around like a chicken. Sometimes she brings Falco’s mother along for company and the two women sit in the room with him, drinking his tea and conversing over his bad mood. Today it’s just her, sitting in the new wooden chair opposite his bed, knitting needles coming together with sharp clicks.

Levi’s propped up in his bedroom, and he dislikes it, squirming in his own skin. His mother died in bed - he has never rested as much as he has since Zeke blew him up. Never had so much time for his thoughts before.

Zeke. Levi flinches. A promise kept to Erwin, a secret kept to himself in response. Erwin. 

No one is to know who helped put him in this predicament, Levi decides. Whatever devil comes out of him, it’s his responsibility. There will be no one else. Unwanted thoughts cloud his mind; a child born of an Ackerman, and an Eldian of royal blood. People might want the devil for themself, might want to experiment with it — bring back the powers.

“You have a letter!” Gabi says, bursting through the doors of the room and breaking the limited conversation. She stares for a moment at the roundness of Levi’s stomach, unbidden beneath the thin blanket over his lap. Then she hands over the letter, brows lifted and brown eyes wide. She’s all curiosity. He stares at the lettering across the front, recognising Armin’s handwriting - not all that neat, but precise. 

Dear Captain

I know you didn’t want us to call you that anymore, but old habits are hard to break and you’ll always be our captain. Sometimes we even look for you, like you might come rounding the corner at any moment, blasting our lack of cleanliness. 

I’m not really sure why I’m writing to you. Things are much the same here. We’re rebuilding, we’re communicating a lot with other nations, trying to show that we mean no harm. That we can be trusted. I think we’re revered off the island just as much as we’re feared. We all know what it’s like to fear the unknown, so I try to approach those situations with grace. I tried to think about how Commander Smith would approach things and it’s easier.

I’ve heard from Historia, but she says it isn’t safe yet to travel home. I don’t think it’ll be very recognisable to what I remembered. I know Mikasa has returned to Paradis, Historia says she has visited. I think that’s good for her. I miss her. I hope she misses me too.

I’m happy to hear you’ve settled somewhere, that you have a house. I would love to visit, but there’s so much work to be done and we wouldn’t want to be a burden. Eren didn’t think of this when he went through with all this, did he? 

Armin

Levi reads the letter through. Once and then twice before folding it up. He’s glad Mikasa has returned to Historia — there’s a level of protection there, an understanding he figures, though he can’t put it into words. Historia always seemed a little more aware of the world even before her coronation. Mostly, he’s glad that the brats are too busy to visit, even if they know his address. He thinks of himself in this bed, how his stomach swells even over the blankets. They can’t know. They can’t know what he’s done. 

“It’s Armin,” Levi says, at the two sets of curious brown eyes, suddenly aware that they’re waiting for him to explain. Levi doesn’t get letters, and he never talks about the brats. He folds the letter back into the envelope and reaches over to the side, placing it on the wooden nightstand. “Is it known — that I…”

“I haven’t told a soul,” Gabi promises, frowning when her mother clears her throat. She is sent off to clear the weeds from the garden path and to pick the blackberries fattening in the hedgerow. She shrugs a shoulder, staring at Levi’s stomach once more before moving away.

“You’re a wounded soldier to those in the village. A hero that they’re willing to give space to,” Beate says calmly as her daughter’s footsteps thud down his stairs. “No one knows anything, just that you’re recuperating.”

“It’s hard to know… it’s hard to think about it.”

“You haven’t much longer to go. Firstborns are often late to arrive, but I’m not sure about you.” Levi’s chest is tight in a way he doesn’t wish to think about. Being born with the ability to produce children has never made him willing to do so. Always so careful with his forays underground. Never the time or inclination Above.

 

He sees Erwin kiss a woman once. Several months after their agreed detachment from one another. It’s another ball at the high-point of summer; the best time to be out on an expedition in Levi’s opinion, and Erwin feels the same. He’d grumbled about it getting ready earlier in the night and Levi had watched his knuckles turn white as Zackly informed him their presence would be needed. Levi grouses about attending, but he does as he’s told.

Levi dresses in the only smart outfit he has, the one he pulls on whenever they’re to attend these events. A plain dark suit, his hair combed and oiled. When they’re around the rich and foolish, the arrogant and greedy, Levi learns to bite his sharpened tongue. He used to live below castles like this, way down beyond the dank pits of their cellars. Lower than the rats. Levi does his duty as captain — he lets the rich folks simper to him; the men mock his height and the women swoon over the gloss of his hair. He stares daggers at Erwin until he’s permitted to leave.

He spends the rest of the evening loitering in the dark shadows of the cloisters, dark and miserable. Despite what people think, Levi isn’t unsociable. He just doesn’t enjoy associating with the upper classes.

Levi ends up wandering the cool hallway of the castle and then down to the grounds. The fireflies are out, lighting up the darkness. Levi looks down at the sweetened hedgerows. Only the best roses stud the green, but he can tell the scent is artificial. It burns the inside of his nose. If Mike was here, he’d have something to say about it.

Levi sees Erwin then, doing his duty — probably. Kissing the hands of a young woman, letting her laugh into his shoulder. It feels like a betrayal. It stings deep in his chest, enough that Levi brings his fingers to rub at his lapels. Erwin moves her hands from his lips and places them against his shoulders, holding her waist tight as they begin to sway. Levi stares on, watching as her pretty face turns upwards, mouth slotting neatly beside his own.

Erwin will get paid for this, probably. For dancing with a pretty young woman, and showing her a good time, but other images float across Levi’s vision, bringing a sharp fury to his focus.

He is cold with Erwin when he sees him next, riding back to the barracks with him. Erwin tries with a simple conversation regarding Mike’s latest romance, and then another focused on new tactics. When Levi remains unresponsive to him, he lets out a long, heavy sigh.

“You saw me with Lady Elsbeth.”

Levi shrugs. He narrows his eyes ahead of him. “Yeah, I saw you.”

“I see.” He thinks Erwin will say something else, justify it, but when he glances at him, his lips are pressed so tight they’ve turned white.

“Did you get money for it, at least?”

“I’m not sure what you’re inferring,” Erwin says quietly. “It’s not that kind of set-up, but it sweetens the deal. I’m sorry if witnessing it caused you any amount of pain.” 

Levi scoffs. They’re not together. Erwin said no. They would never be a thing, not while the rest of this world moved as it did around them. He tightens the leather reins in his hands, leaning forward and setting his horse to a canter.

 

“You act like you don’t like anyone,” Gabi says to him curiously. They’re in the courtyard drinking the elderflower syrup that Beate showed him to make. Levi decides he enjoys cooking, and baking, and making drinks. He can do much of it sitting at the table, though his stomach produces enough that it’s hard for him to pull his chair in. Still, it takes his mind from his thoughts and his memories.

He knows it’s the same for everyone. For the Brauns and Grices who have helped him settle, and Onyankopon, who spends every waking hour putting the finishing touches to the stables. Everyone has lost someone or something. He isn’t special in that regard.

Gabi is persistent when he doesn’t respond to her comment, jabbing him in the side with her elbow. “Well, you must like someone.”

“Says who?”

“You’re supposed to like people to do it with them,” Gabi pronounces. Today it’s only her, with a list of chores sent by her mother. It feels like babysitting; like practice. “Who do you like enough to have a baby with?”

“That’s not always how it works,” he tells her. He can’t think of anything else to say. He wouldn’t dream of telling her the truth. He wouldn’t be able to. Zeke’s betrayal could never be understood on the level that she wants.

“Sometimes it just happens whether or not you like it.” Her face falls, and he realises what she’s thinking, what she’s imagining. He sighs heavily. His back aches. The thing inside presses against his kidney. It hurts. “You can be a willing participant and still realise you’ve made a mistake.”

“Huh.” She nods her head, but he can tell she doesn’t get it. He’s glad about it. He’d learned the hard way — he was glad she didn’t have to.

 

Beate is correct. The demon comes early and just after dawn. Onyankopon hears Levi’s panic and leaves in the middle of the night, returning with Gabi’s mother barely any time later. Levi has been restless for days, fed up with the kicking and punching the demon does to his organs, the way his body has grown outwards to accommodate what should never have been. The wheelchair is a blessing that he hates. He feels useless and unfit, forced into a room with his thoughts and little else to wile away the time. 

He’s been thinking of Erwin a lot recently. Too much time alone. He’s never had so much time to think. He holds his old, cracked bolo tie in his hands. The leather is worn from where Erwin would tug it too hard when popping it on every morning. Levi had been more gentle with it after Erwin lost his arm, fingers resting against his sternum for a moment, before dropping away.

Erwin wouldn’t hate him for this, but he tries imagining Erwin with him in the moment. He thinks of Erwin taking the seat beside his bed, those foolishly large eyebrows scrunching inwards as he stares at Levi’s abdomen and chest, both blooming and uncomfortable. His large hand would rest on his knee, or maybe he’d clutch at Levi’s, resting on the bed.

“Well, we’ve been through worse.” 

He’d say we, but he'd mean it as a unit, as a group, and not as a lover. There’s no real betrayal in what Levi did. Fucking Zeke was immoral, but nothing else. Erwin had been dead four years.

The pain is unbearable; a sharpness that overwhelms, breaking Levi's trance. There is nothing dignified in it, but Beate is there, surprisingly calm and counting him through his breaths. Gabi is downstairs, folding towels, preparing for the inevitable. Levi doesn’t understand why she has shown up, why Onyankopon let her climb into the car as well. Levi doesn’t want her in the house, hearing his cries, but he’s too far gone to ask her to leave. After a while, he forgets everything but the blinding pain. 

When the baby comes, there is no relief, just a vivid exhaustion that has Levi’s whole body aching all over. There’s so much blood, Levi can feel it, can smell it in the air of his bedroom, even with the window open. He tries holding in his anguish even with Beate’s hand squeezing his thigh, telling him to let go. Between contractions, he wonders if he’s dying, if Zeke has finally killed him in this way. It would be perfect for the both of them, for their deaths to be ended at the start of the life created.

At the end, he’s alive, and his gasping sobs give way to a squeaking cry. It’s pronounced as a boy and placed in Levi’s arms, covered in blood, face scrunched up as it screeches. Levi stares down at it. This thing, this creation, a living reminder of the world as it was before. He’s on his back, naked, and covered in bloody sheets. After a while, Beate takes a seat beside him. She’s pale when Levi looks at her.

“I remember the face of every child I’ve delivered,” she says eventually. She leans over, strokes the child’s fuzzy cheek. “I’ve seen this face before.”

“I don’t—” Levi starts, too exhausted to lie, too panicked and overwhelmed for anything else. Perhaps she’ll hate him now. Take her daughter and leave — tell everyone the secret Levi’s been hiding. The monster he mated with, and the creature they created together.

“Grisha was a doctor, of course,” she continues instead, eyes shadowed and tired. “He had hoped to be around for the birth, but there were always those far sicker to be treated. Zeke was born at midnight, roundabout. Dina had him easy, but he was fussy.”

“It just happened,” Levi says, remembering how the edge of the table dug into his back when Zeke pushed him up against it, buckles and clothes pushed aside for access. The blunt sensation of their bodies becoming one. He had smelled of tobacco and lemon soap. Levi remembers that more than anything else. 

“Well… stress makes us do funny things,” she says. “I won’t say I understand where he ended up in life, but I think his relationship with his own parents was perhaps where it started to go wrong.” 

“No one can know who… please.” He’s thinking of Gabi’s face if she knew. The anguish she felt at Zeke’s betrayal, too young to understand the nuance. He thinks of his brats; the survivors and what they’d have to say. He’d been their captain. He thinks about Paradis. What the Yeagerists would do if they knew a relation of Eren existed. He looks down at the creature in his arms, feeling sick at the sight of it.

 

Levi doesn’t name it for the first week. He spends the time trying to get back on his feet, despite the constant bleeding, and the tight, heaviness of his chest, and his knee, that never stops aching. He’s still wearing Onyankopon’s shirts, but he fits into most of his pants if he leaves them undone. Often he spends the mornings sitting in the living room, arms heavy with the warm weight of the burden. By afternoon, he’s moved to the kitchen, sitting on the steps with Onyankopon, grateful for the company.

He doesn’t love the demon. He finds it hard to look at, but he feeds it when it needs milk, and he changes it when it soils itself. He rocks his child and swaddles it up against his chest as he moves around the house. He counts the beats of the tiny devil’s heart, thinking of how a week ago it had still been inside him.  

Onyankopon pours coffee from the stove into his favourite mug, breathing in the scent. He’s good with the creature, shushing it, cradling it in his arms whenever the mood strikes. Maybe he wouldn’t be, if he knew who the father was.

“Erwin would’ve loved that shit,” Levi says out loud. It comes out without thought, covering the sound of the devil suckling. Levi tilts his head toward the coffee cup in his hand.

Onyankopon nods his head sincerely though. “Hange talked a lot about him. They held him in great esteem.”

“Yeah ‘cause he listened to their shit,” Levi rolls his eyes. He shuffles the baby as it loosens it’s latch in sleep, ignoring the way his friend stares at him. “He would’ve loved coffee, might’ve helped him to stop being so goddamn constipated all the time. He was backed up to hell ‘cause he never drank enough, ate too much at once.”

“You loved him.”

“Fuck off,” Levi frowns. He dislikes Onyankopon’s openness, or maybe how easily he reads Levi.

“I didn’t mean to offend, although I would suggest that I’m not alone in my assumption. People talked about it during my time on the island. The Commander and his Captain and how you felt about one another.”

“It was complicated is about as easy as I can explain it.”

“You don’t need to explain a thing.”

“I think there’s something wrong with Ackermans.” Levi looks down at his child. This is an Ackerman. It’ll be an Ackerman before it’ll ever be a Yeager. “How we were before the curse broke. The way we love is different. It’s not… it’s a thread that keeps us close to the person, it makes us want to protect them even when they’re beyond saving, whether they even want to be saved. It wasn’t the right way to love someone. We couldn’t be together.”

The baby starts crying and Levi sighs. He doesn’t look down, but he strokes his finger across its brow. It’s forehead crinkles up, lining fragile skin.

“I didn’t even know that was my name until a few years ago. Ackerman. Sounds weird to me. I was always just Levi.”

Onyankopon smiles. “Perhaps it will help if you name the next Ackerman.”

“Yeah, I’m working on it.”

 

It still hurts to stand, but Levi finds himself floating around his house, glad to be up on his feet. Onyankopon has disappeared down into the village, running errands that sound enough like an excuse to leave Levi alone. He finds himself most often in the Braun company.  Beate helps him handle the practicalities of a newborn. Gabi keeps him topped up with food, all curious, even when her mother chastises her about pestering Levi. Falco comes once to look at the baby. He brings fresh flowers, cut down from the meadow on his way, but he keeps his distance out of politeness.

Levi sees no point in putting the demon to sleep in the second bedroom — all it does is cry when it’s put down, screaming bloody murder. His father had screamed. Turned Levi’s comrades into titans in the process, ready to slaughter Levi. Survived until the end, until Levi had put him from his misery. Levi had spent the entire month in the forest aware of what was growing inside of him, could have told Zeke over and over, but kept his mouth shut. Kept it shut even on their reunion, where Levi sliced his head clean from his neck.

He clears a wooden crate, padding it with soft clothes and rags. He put the devil down inside, watched its limbs shrink up against its body, pink fingers clenching into tiny fists. Staring down at his own creation has him wondering whether his mother loved him or had she simply just cared for him out of duty? He sits beside the box, staring down at his son.

“I hope you can forgive me,” Levi says, touching his fingers to the warm cheek turned towards him. Its eyes are foggy, creased. His chest aches when it continues crying, and he’s bleeding onto a rag stuffed into his underwear. His knee throbs. He thinks back to a year ago, before all of this, he thinks back to five years ago, in Erwin’s room.

“My father was a good man,” Erwin says. “He was right about so many things, but sometimes I wonder…”

Levi is shaving him. He’s useless now without his arm, and Levi chastises him enough that Erwin simply hands over the bowl and razor whenever Levi’s in his presence. There’s paperwork spilling out over the table, but Levi will handle it. He’ll make sure it’s done.

Mostly, Levi is scared. He nearly lost Erwin because he’d been benched; the idea of something worse happening turns his stomach. He doesn’t want him to appear weak, because Erwin isn’t weak. He doesn’t want his commandership to be pulled apart because his non-dominant hand clips his skin.

He holds Erwin’s chin between two fingers, clearing the bristles with a light touch. Erwin’s other hand rests limp in his lap. They are mostly the same height with Erwin sitting and Levi standing like this. 

“What do you wonder?” Levi says eventually, shaking the razor into the water to clean it of hair and oil. He moves it back to Erwin’s cheek, clearing a fresh path.

“Being a good man doesn’t make you a good father.”

Erwin is obsessed with his father, Levi knows this much. Perhaps not obsessed. He is trapped by the guilt he feels, that his own actions caused the death of his only living parent. Levi’s never had a father, and he wonders what it must be like to miss one. He thought Kenny was it for the longest time, and that father’s all leave eventually.

“I think it’s wrong of him to have told me at such a young age. It seems reckless, don’t you think?”

“Would you wish that he’d lied?”

“No, but I was a young boy. Perhaps it was a conversation for a few years beyond my young age,” Erwin says. His hand reaches out, and it wraps around Levi’s wrist, all the way around. Levi swells beneath the grip, the razor frigid in his fingers. Erwin notices, and his lips turn flat. “I’m sorry, Levi. Forgive my rambling like this.”

Levi shrugs. Erwin doesn’t have to apologise. His father fucked up, but he doesn’t need Levi agreeing with him about it.

Levi doesn’t think he loves the demon, but he grows attached all the same. He likes the sensation of swaddling it against his chest, the feel of its breath against his cheek when he leans over. It looks old, pink and wrinkly, little of himself and thankfully less of the other one as well.

It becomes easier to go about his day with it. He stops bleeding, and he learns to strap the brat tight enough that even when using his cane, he gets around just nicely. He likes the feeling of the kid warm against his chest.

“He can’t just not have a name,” Gabi tells him. She’s got scrapes up and down her knees from fighting with one of the village boys. She’s not talking to her mother, probably for that very reason. Levi’s heard all about it that morning. Levi doesn’t mind, she’s a brat, but she helps him make bread, she keeps the places tidy and himself company. She talks like Isabel talked, but with the gruffness of Furlan. He can’t speak their names to her, but he would like to one day. No one else alive remembers them. When he’s gone, they’ll be nothing to anyone.

“I’ll give him a name,” Levi promises, but nothing comes to mind. He wonders how long it took for his own mother to name him. Was he named after some relation Kenny never told him of? Was it from the old world? Erwin was named after his father, and his father beyond that, but Levi isn’t going to bestow his own name onto the kid, and certainly not the other parent either. 

“Well… you have to give him one soon. I bet they pick up on their name really quickly. What if he doesn’t learn it quick enough, and he ends up stupid?”

“That won’t happen,” Levi insists, but he doesn’t know. He doesn’t know shit about this type of thing. “Do they still have tea in the village?”

“Yeah, we picked up the black one last week. Have you run out already?” Gabi makes her way over to the cupboard Levi keeps it in, throwing the door open.

“No, but I would like to go into town, I think. Pick for myself?”

“Well, that doesn’t sound much like you,” Gabi says, turning. Her eyes drift down to the bundle swaddled against Levi’s chest. “No one knows about him, either. Won’t it be weird showing up with a baby?”

“He’s a baby. It’s not like I can leave him here alone.”

“Well… maybe my mother could have him for a bit, but not for too long, in case you need to feed him.” Gabi looks away, her cheeks turning pink. “I didn’t know people like you existed.”

“Neither did I, but I do,” Levi says. “I ain’t talking about this shit with you, kid.”

“I don’t want to know, anyway. It’s weird, but not as weird as you not naming the baby. It’s not fair, is it?”

“I guess not.”

They go about their business together. Levi looks at the baby, asleep. He can’t put it down or it will start its wailing again and the pattern will repeat. If they were alone, perhaps he would scream back, but he doesn’t wish to scare Gabi, or make her think he isn’t coping. So he sits there, rocking it gently as it squirms against his chest, Gabi sitting opposite, staring.

“Is it true you grew up beneath the ground?” she asks again, unable to keep her words to herself for even a minute. “I thought the internment zone was bad enough, but at least I got to see the sun, and the stars, and the moon. Pieck used to talk about a man that lived on the moon. It was fake, but I liked the story. I used to think about it when I was sad. I liked it looked the same wherever I was. The moon, I mean.”

“When you grow up in shit, you don’t realise how bad it is. You try to survive the shitty existence knowing it’s almost impossible to ever make your way to the top.” The first time Levi saw the moon, he thought it was the sun. It confused him until Hange explained without judgement.

“But there were no titans down there,” she whispers.

“There were titans, just — a different kind. When Historia became queen, I helped her bring all the orphans above ground so there are no kids under there now.” There will be, Levi knows. There will always be kids tucked away, hidden from the rest of society. Gabi doesn’t need to know that, though. She’s been through enough, heard enough. “You had to learn to look after yourself, that’s all.”

“Did you ever go back?” 

“No,” Levi says, blinking away the images of his friends. All dead. All gone.

 

Levi isn’t surprised, but he’s still a little disappointed when Onyankopon says that he’s leaving. He’s the only person of any real similar age to Levi. There’s Yelena, he supposes, but she never comes up the hill. With good reason. Levi doesn’t like the idea of her seeing his tiny devil.

Levi enjoys Onyankopon’s company, enjoys the safe boundaries of it. He likes the early morning talks together, feeding the baby as Onyankopon drinks coffee and talks about the people in the village. Levi still hasn’t met them.

“I’m travelling with Yelena across to the west. There’s a lot of work that needs to be carried out. Camps in need of permanent housing, or schools. The cooler weather is fast approaching and they’ll need more aid.”

If Levi wasn’t so broken, so burdened by a devil-child, he would follow. He wouldn’t do much good these days, with his body as it is, but one day when the demon is older, maybe he’ll be able to repay the world what he owes them. 

“You’ll be missed,” Levi says eventually. “You’ve been good to me… to us. You’ll come back to visit?”

“Yes, of course. The stable is perfect for a base for me to return to now,” Onyankopon says. “But it’s time for me to let you be a little family.”

Every family Levi’s had has died, or abandoned him in some way or another. His mother. Kenny. Isabel and Furlan. Erwin. Hange. Not this child, not yet. Though it’s barely been six weeks since birth. He needs to give it time.

 

Over the next week, Levi helps Onyankopon pack. He folds the clothes neatly and tries not to take this as another abandonment. His house is complete now; and the little stable is cosy enough, but this was never permanent, and Onyankopon is a young man. He should be out there in the world, living for himself rather than Levi’s invalided existence.

Still, the idea of being left in it alone has him baulking. He’ll miss the quiet company, and the conversation that leads nowhere but keeps him at peace. He enjoys having someone to sit in his living room with while Levi rocks the demon, who wants to play cards with him, or listen as Levi tries to untangle the relationship he had with old comrades. 

That evening, he tries to talk about his past with Onyankopon, if only for a little while. They’ve shared dinner together and now they sit in the living room. Levi’s demon sleeping in the crate by his feet, Onyankopon in the chair. The fire warms his skin nicely, and Levi’s feelings for him feel similar, shaped much like others.

“I had two friends,” Levi says aloud. He hasn’t mentioned their names in years. Too painful. “Furlan and Isabel. I met him when we were kids. Both abandoned in one way or another. Iz came later. She was younger. We ran the joint and made a pretty good name for ourselves. Stole ourselves some ODM gear after a few years of tearing down the place. It’s what landed us in trouble and how we got pulled above.” Another story for another time. Onyankopon’s probably heard a butchered version of it. 

“Everything underground is vile. The air is rotten, the people are rotten. Corpses melt into the ground, nibbled away at by rats, dogs, maggots, but we had this house together. Not really a house, a section of a larger building with its own entrance. Its own stairs. I kept it spotless. Furlan found us jobs, Isabel got us into more trouble. It was good.”

“They died.”

“When we came Above,” Levi says. He still dreams of Furlan’s last wave to him, sometimes, of Isabel’s clouded eyes, her small head severed from her body, barely older than Gabi. “We were scheming. We got out-schemed. Ultimately, my decisions got them killed.”

“I’m sorry to hear that.” 

“Yeah.” He looks down at his child sleeping, tries on Furlan for a name. No. They deserve separation, deserve to be the only one. “Isabel and Furlan. No one alive remembers them but me.”

“You should write it down,” 

“I’m not much of a writer,” Levi admits. He can get by, he can imitate more than anything original. “I don’t think anyone wants to hear about it, really.”

 

Levi wakes up in a strange mood on the day that Onyankopon leaves. He’s fed the demon, and it sleeps in his arms as he watches the sunrise pour gold through the kitchen window. It warms the room and picks up the dust settling. Opposite him, Onyankopon drinks his last coffee. Levi can’t stand the stuff, but he’ll keep a pot of it in the cupboard for whenever his friend returns. 

“You’re very quiet,” Onyankopon says gently, quietly. His eyes drop to the bundle of cloth in Levi’s arms with a smile. They had fought for the first time earlier, when Levi re-rolled the linens in Onyankopon’s suitcase. They would’ve been creased and ruined, they would leave a terrible impression on whoever he meets. Levi doesn't want people thinking bad things about him. Onyankopon, at best, considered Levi’s actions to be unnecessarily fussy. The suitcase repacked begrudgingly. 

“Not really.” His arms feel heavy with the weight of the well-fed child. It’s heavier now, not as pink and crinkled when he bears to look at it. “It will be strange without you.”

People think Levi dislikes company, that he’s reclusive to others, but he likes the noise and fuss despite his complaints. It reminds him of the Underground; the community of chaos, a pack of savages just trying to survive among the sewage. He thinks of Hange and the chaos they surrounded him in, how nice it was sitting, drinking tea as the brats talked nonsense around him. Erwin…Erwin was quiet, but his thoughts weren’t and once they’d grown closer, the things Erwin told him had taken up so much space.

“I’ve never known peace,” Levi says, “I’m not sure what to do with it. Is this peace? All I do is sit in this house, feeding this baby. I’ve never sat still so long before.”

“You’re on your way towards it, I think. The house is clean. You’re healing. Your child is healthy though still nameless,” Onyankopon says, and he raises an eyebrow. “He is over a month old.”

“I know,” Levi says. When the pain in his leg keeps him up, he thinks of names, but nothing sticks. It’s not the child’s fault it’s been cursed with him for a father, not smart enough to think of something to name him. “Nothing seems to fit him. He shouldn’t be named after anyone I knew, but I don’t know what else will do.”

“Perhaps by the time I come to visit, you’ll have thought of something,” Onyankopon says, smiling again. He’s always at peace, always so calm. Levi wishes a little bit would rub off on him.

 

There’s a leaving picnic for Onyankopon later in the day and Levi’s been dreading it, trying to think up an excuse that wouldn’t offend. A few hours after their morning together, Gabi comes screeching through the door with Falco following behind, no less excited, and he knows there’s no hiding. Gabi’s armed with a rickety pram that’s seen better days. The wheels scuffing his tiles as she shoves it down the hallway and into the kitchen, almost taking out Onyankopon, who walks through to see what the commotion is.

“You wanna cripple him, too?” Levi asks. He’s got his arms to himself for once, and no milk or baby vomit on his current shirt. He takes it as a win, leaning onto his cane as he stares at the two young brats.

“We’re taking you with us, Mr Levi,” Gabi says. “You’re coming with us.”

“My floors were just cleaned,” Levi says. The baby is awake in the blanket covered crate, kicking its feet, fingers curled into tiny fists. Levi’s lost the last hour staring at its face in ways he always tries to avoid, apprehensive when he sees shadows of familiar features staring back.

“Your floors are always just cleaned. We’re having a picnic down by the river. You haven’t been yet, but you’ll like it. It’s quiet,” Gabi says. “My mother says it will do you both good to get out of the house and you can’t not come on Onyankopon’s last day with us.”

“How will it be quiet if you’re there?” Levi says, ignoring the last part. He has left the house plenty, he’s clipped the bushes in his front garden, he’s taken the baby out into the backyard. He’s thought about purchasing tea in the village. 

“Who’s coming?” He asks, but Gabi claps her hands together like she’s won a point against someone.

Levi lets Gabi push the baby in the pram down the dirt track that leads from Levi’s house on top of the hill towards the town. A strange clenching takes over his stomach at the thought of people, of seeing those he doesn’t know, but soon they take a sharp right, heading towards the trees. He steadies himself on his cane and asks Falco to grab the kid from the pram when he sees Gabi try to ram the wheels over branches and bracken. Falco does his best, bundling the squirming baby in his arms, a determined expression on his youthful face.

Eventually the twisting old roots open out into a clearing and Levi sees a group of people milling around on large blankets. He recognises faces that he hasn’t come across in months; Yelena, and Falco’s family. Gabi’s father. Levi smells the fresh green grass and listens to the sound of the slow-moving river. Falco places the baby into the pram beside Levi and then runs off with his friend, down towards the water.

“We had a river like this down at the bottom of the garden growing up,” Erwin says. Levi has never seen fresh water like this. This isn’t the water cutting through the walls, this isn’t the dank pools of acrid sewage he knew from birth. This is Maria, this is the open greens. Levi’s eyes still feel sensitive to the lushness of it at times. It’s too much to see, too much to consider. He dismounts beside Erwin. They’re setting up camp in the trees, but there’s been no titans for miles and this type of freshwater is scarce. Levi wouldn’t know, really, but it’s what Erwin told him.

“Where does it come from?” Levi asks. He wouldn’t ask anyone a few months ago. He wouldn’t even have asked Erwin, but Erwin likes to explain. He enjoys telling Levi things about life he wasn’t to know. He seems eager to explain, happy to distract himself from the constant roiling responsibility and charge.

“The mountains,” Erwin points to the distance, with the mountains pushing up from the ground. They’re hard to look at for Levi. He hates that Isabel and Furlan never got to see them. “It’s clean enough to drink.”

He bends down, his large hand breaking the rippling surface. Levi watches how his hand seems to expand beneath the water. Erwin cups his hands beneath the water, lifting them upwards, a small puddle of water clutched in his open palms. He brings it to his mouth, sipping the water with his hands tilted upwards. Levi watches on, in awe.

 

Levi hobbles over to the closest blanket beneath the tree. It isn’t stifling, but he prefers to be out of the sun. He wants to be kept away, his scars and cloudy eye unfit for such a pleasant day.

Onyankopon is all smiles when Levi sees him. He approaches warmly, as if they haven’t shared the same house for the past few months. He brings over fresh cake filled with cream and Levi stretches out, his knee throbbing from the walk. The baby is asleep, and he places him in the basket, unclipped from the pram, letting him rest with the hood up, shielding him. 

"Are you excited?"

"I'm looking forward to a new project. If the ground is fertile, we can replant, rebuild. It’ll take years to see genuine change, but I have hope.”

Levi is desperate to help. He would like to do all of that. If he wasn’t so poorly injured, if he didn’t have the baby to take care of, or a body that still worked. “That’s what you want?”

“It’s what I need to do,” Onyankopon says. “I’m in good health, and I feel it’s my duty to fix particular things, especially when I feel so culpable.”

Levi frowns. “What do you mean?”

“I had a role in how this played out.”

“What happened wasn’t your fault,” Levi insists. “Eren was …”

Levi doesn’t dwell on Eren. He feels more for Mikasa, for the friends he betrayed. He hasn’t forgiven as easily as they have.

“Doesn’t assuage the guilt, does it?” 

“No.” Levi has some of that. He’d been Eren’s Captain, he’d tried to mentor. None of it worked. Eren’s volatility and anger were unseen by the rest until too late. 

“I believed Zeke had a plan that would ultimately help.” Onyankopon’s eyes move over towards the pram as the baby rests in it. There’s no way he would know. There’s no way.

“It’s his,” Levi says, surprised at how easily it slips out. “Ironic, considering his stance on the future. Did Hange know?”

“If they did, they never suggested a name,” he says. “I’m surprised.”

“So the fuck am I. So the fuck was he. He still had his dick out by the time we regretted it.” Levi nibbles more of the cake again. “The cake is nice.”

“Mm, yes. I won’t tell anyone, Levi.”

“I would appreciate that,” Levi says softly. “If easing your burden means replanting, rebuilding, regrowing, then I think mine might be raising this kid. Make it a better version of whatever fucked up idiots his parents were.”

The demon wakes up with a squeal, but Levi’s chest aches, anyway. He stands with Onyankopon’s help. The secrets spilled now unspoken between them. He doesn’t feel judged. Levi leans down and scoops the baby up. He slips behind a tree, and feeds it, staring at the trees and the bark, and realising how familiar this setting is for him. The hours he spent crouched on branches, watching the titans stumble below, waiting for Erwin’s command; Erwin’s guidance.

“What the fuck would he have to say about you?” Levi says, thinking about Erwin.

Erwin was good with crowds, not great one on one, and terrible with children. Couldn’t seem to talk to them without coming across strange. He would do terribly here, with Levi’s. Wouldn’t hate the kid, though. It’d confuse him. Fuck, he’d probably be intrigued. Royal and Ackerman blood.

Levi rubs his back when he’s finished feeding, holds him with his fingers wrapped around his soft skull. He feels his soft heartbeat, the roundness of his cheeks. His features have settled and started to fill out. Levi sees his own nose in miniature form, but the rest of it is foreign, not himself, but the other one.

Levi hobbles back towards the clearing. He sees Gabi and Falco with some of the village children. She’s bossing them around, screeching about in her usual way, but it’s good to see. A damn better sight than seeing her with a rifle in hand. She’s a child. She still has a few years left of childish innocence.

Levi moves toward the riverbank, where it’s quieter, away from the chatter. His baby is fat and sleepy in his arms. Looking at him isn’t so hard today. He does so for a moment, before his eyes fall to the river, watching the water flow gently.

“Sometimes you can drink the water from a stream, but I don’t know much about a river,” Levi says out loud. He looks down at his kid. Levi’s nose. Nothing much else. Guess his kid couldn’t be as lucky as he was in inheriting his birth parent’s features. Levi puts the chatter of the picnic behind him and grimaces as he takes a seat down on the bank. It’s awkward with a baby in arms and his balance so off, his ass aching from how heavily he falls. 

“River, huh?” He looks down at his son. His child. Not just Zeke’s. Not a demon, either. “River? Is that even a name? I don’t know, but I think it suits you.” It clicks in Levi’s head. He looks down at the baby again. His child. Innocent, despite the mess he was born into. 

“Captain Levi?”

Levi turns at the sound of his name, the familiarity of the tone pulling his eyes away from the baby in his arms. Reiner Braun stands there, tall and broad as ever, the buttons of his shirt straining over his chest. His hair is a little longer, and he has a fullness in his cheeks Levi doesn’t remember being there before. He’s so big, looming and serious. His eyes fall down to the baby in his arms and his thin eyebrows tug inwards.

“An orphan?” He says, “I guess there must be a lot of them around.”

“He’s not an orphan.” Levi is an orphan. Erwin had been orphaned. This kid isn’t that. Levi wouldn’t make him like that. “He’s called River. He’s mine.”

“Your baby?” Reiner frowns, like he’s trying to work it out. “So when we were fighting, you were already…”

“Sure.” He won’t know whose. Levi is certain. Reiner won’t work it out. No one will suspect. They might think it’s one of his soldiers. Like Levi was lonely enough to open his legs to some kid that respected him.

River fusses a little, one tiny fist lifting, and Levi holds him close. The name, now given, seems right. He’ll remember this as the day Onyankopon left and his child found his name.

“Are you still with the Alliance?” Levi asks to be polite, feeling Reiner’s eyes still on him. He doesn’t like people looking at him, not ones that knew him before. He’s not Captain Levi anymore, just some withering man with a baby and a bad leg.

“We’re making progress,” Reiner confirms. “Historia still thinks it’s too soon for us to return. There’s anger towards us over what we did. Paradis is… I think it’ll always be complicated after everything.”

“You consider it home?”

“Paradis? No, but I have reparations to make, and my friends…I took so much from them. I owe them.” Reiner was a kid under orders, a fucked up child soldier, doing what he thought was right, but he doesn’t need Levi’s pity and it was never his responsibility to give him that. “I thought you would want to return.”

“To what? I didn’t grow up on the island, but underneath it. Everyone I cared about is dead. The regime don’t seem all that different to how Marley ran things. Just with actual weapons instead of children,” Levi says. “They use Erwin’s name in their machinations and act like he’d have stood beside them. Fuck that. Fuck them.”

“You’re right,” Reiner says, lower this time, like he’s been chastised. He’s just a kid, Levi forgets sometimes. “In time, I think they’ll come around. Historia will see to it.”

Levi isn’t so sure, but he nods his head. “You should take care of yourself.”

“And you, Captain. Congratulations, again, on River.”

It’s awkward, but he doesn’t think either of them were built for small talk, and relief washes over Levi when Reiner steps away, back into the fold of his family. Gabi could have warned Levi that Reiner would be there, but maybe she’d have known he wouldn’t come if he’d realised.

“I never had a childhood,” Levi says, to the riverbank and then his child. He’s not so devilish to look at now he’s named, now that Levi has realised a few things. “I’ll give you one. Better than what Zeke got. Or Erwin. You won’t meet either of them. I killed them both. I’m not sorry in either direction.”

Later on, he stands by the side of the car, watching Onyankopon load the last bag into the back. In the passenger seat he sees the strange cut of Yelena’s hair. She hasn’t come out to greet him.

“He’s called River,” Levi says, as Onyankopon cradles the baby to his chest for a goodbye cuddle. Levi is dreading the moment he hands the baby back and drives off, leaving him alone.

“River, huh?” His friend looks down at the baby. He pulls a face at the squirming bundle before looking over at Levi again. “It came to you eventually, like I knew it would.”

“Took it’s damn time,” Levi says. “Erwin taught me about them. We didn’t have them Below. It was a good memory. He taught me a lot.”

“It’s a good name for him,” Onyankopon agrees. “River Ackerman. Now you be good for your father, won’t you? Grow up nicely while I’m gone.”

chapter 2
By six months, River is sitting up. He has a soft crown of curly blonde hair and wide blue eyes framed with pale eyelashes. He has Levi’s poor sleep pattern and an unhealthy love of porridge that he enjoys sucking from his fat little fingers every morning. He grows out of his clothes every few months and babbles loudly to himself most mornings as Levi goes about his day.

It’s a quiet life as they sit in the first few months of winter. Levi drinks tea in the living room, two pairs of woollen socks covering his feet. River’s bundled in blankets beside him, snuffling through the dregs of his first cold, his eyes watery. They’re keeping warm together in front of the fire, a gentle blanket of snow falling outside.

Beside him is a letter still sealed with the royal wax crest of the Reiss family. A letter from Paradis. He’s been waiting to finish his drink before starting it, knowing that whatever news sits within it, he’s unlikely to enjoy it. He has nothing else to give those from before and there is nothing he wants in return.

He looks once at his son, who is staring past Levi, in wonder at the snow falling outside the window. With the last sip of his tea, he picks up the letter, ignoring the bound scroll it arrived with. Levi peels open the letter, and begins to read.

Dear Levi

It’s hard for me to start with it like that, but I heard you’ve taken quite a firm stance on no longer being referred to as captain. I understand what it’s like to leave behind old names and titles. You only ever really knew me as Historia, but I was Krista for so long, to so many of my friends. It’s a hard thing to shed.

I hope you don’t mind me writing to you. Though you’re no longer my captain, I still consider you an advisor. You’re the only one left of the old guard. I suppose you don’t need reminding of this. I think it haunts all of us sitting in this new world.

I can’t lie to you, Levi. Things are challenging here on Paradis. There’s been so much progress and growth on our small island, but Eren has left the nation hardened and in want of blood — as if he didn’t shed enough. Paradis will be protected, but people have changed. There’s anger in the air. 

Did you know Mikasa is now staying with me? It’s good for her to be here with me and the children on the farm. Giving her something physical to do takes her mind off the rest — for a few moments, at least. Levi, you should see those orphans we rescued all those years ago. They’re so strong! If you could see how they work the fields, how large they’ve grown! I think even you would weep.

I hope you are well, truly. I know your injuries were severe, but I hope it hasn’t stopped you from living a life. I don’t pretend to understand what it’s like for an Ackerman. I see how Mikasa is still so affected by Eren’s death. It’s not the same, but I understand what it feels like to lose someone you love. After everything that has happened, I hope Ymir believes I’m living a life to be proud of. That’s all I want. I miss her, but my daughter has helped dull the grief a little. She’s brought life back into my heart. I think of Ymir and I smile. There’s no anger towards her anymore. I even laugh when I think of our time together — we were such an odd pair. I’ve told Mikasa one day she might be able to remember and smile. Is it the same for you?

One final thing, and truthfully, the reason I’m writing. When cleaning out the palace, a portrait of Commander Smith was uncovered. I believe every commander must sit for one, but he was the last. They’re supposed to be displayed on a gallery wall here in the palace, but I don’t think there was a chance for his to go up with everything that happened. I thought you ought to have it, Levi.

Warmest regards

Historia

Accompanying the letter is a neatly bound piece of bleached parchment rolled up with a red ribbon. Levi hasn’t looked at it. He knows what’s inside. It makes his throat dry up, makes his stomach clench.

“The nobles of Mitras will cream themselves when they see you.”

Levi watches Erwin from his usual position pressed against the wall. He can smell Erwin’s cologne from the other side of the room. It sticks to the inside of his nose, burning slightly. Levi doesn’t like cologne, reminds him too much of his life Below. How the stench was masked beneath potent blends, burning the inside of his nose. Erwin smells good enough without it, but he says nothing. He doesn’t see the use of spilling words to sit uncomfortably between them.

“I’m not sure about that, Levi,” Erwin says. He’s angling his pomade-slick comb over his hair, making the gold threads shine. He’s dressed in his military finest; long green coat hanging from his broad shoulders. It’s winter, but the sun is bright, the perfect day to be painted. Levi takes it all in, his arms crossed over his chest, scowling. “I fail to see how this is useful to the cause.”

“Because the rich fuckers like pretty things, and you’re another pretty trinket. Big strapping blonde man sending his men over the walls sure is something thrilling for the greedy fuckers to talk about over their gold-adorned dining tables. I’m surprised they didn’t want you for their military police poster boy. Went with that rat-faced Dok.”

“That’s poetically put, Levi,” Erwin laughs, his eyes on Levi through the mirror. His face is free of the stiff lines and severity. He looks young for a moment. Levi is pleased with the compliment for how it reflect on Erwin’s face.

Levi pushes away from the wall, marching over to Erwin. He fixes the medals pinned to his jacket, so they sit straight. His fingers pinch a few stray threads of cotton from the left arm.

“They won’t be able to smell that shit through the painting,” Levi says, frowning. “Why are you wearing it?”

“It’s part of it,” Erwin answers, and his voice is gentle, soft. Levi looks up to see him swallow, throat bobbing. “All part of the act.”

Levi can’t bring himself to look at the portrait. It came before everything changed. Before the female titan, before he lost his arm, before the uprising. It’s too much to think about, so Levi stands up, set on removing the parchment from sight. He opens the drawer of the wooden sideboard pushed up against the furthest wall. He tucks the scroll inside and pushes the drawer closed firmly.

He’s glad that Historia is doing well, and he’s glad that she has her daughter. He’s happy the orphans have grown big and strong. He thinks Mikasa is in the best place. He hopes they all survive life on Paradis. He has no plans to write to either of them.

 

 

Levi can smell the coppery heat of blood when he bursts into the hospital wing. His damn ankle, Erwin benched him because of his damn ankle and catastrophe struck in the field. The Ymir girl captured, the Commander almost eaten. Erwin almost gone. Levi pushes past the nurse timidly approaching, as if she’s been waiting for him to show up in this state.

On the bed is Erwin’s huge body, taut and bloody, being pinned down between several struggling soldiers. Levi’s eyes take in the uncertain doctors trying to see to the bloody stump, he sees Hange trying to hush his agonised cries, a bottle of liquor dangling from their hand, trying to force the contents into his mouth with limited success.

“You damn fool.” Levi elbows Hange away and pushes heavily on Erwin’s shoulders, slamming them down into the table; doing better work than the soldiers who now step aside. “You go out on your own for five minutes and you lose a goddamn arm?”

Erwin’s cries turn to a grunt, his blue eyes appear paler, ringed in red. Levi holds his chin in his hand, fisting his other hand into Erwin’s drenched hair. He smells like blood, like sweat and piss. He’s breathing heavily, his pupils unfocused. Levi’s never seen him undone like this. It makes him sick.

“Le-Levi,” Erwin says, his chattering lips peeling apart. He’s alive. Levi knew something was wrong, felt a cold chill in his bones before word spread that they were returning.

“It’s a clean cut. He must’ve severed his own arm,” Hange utters from the other side. Levi refuses to look at the wound, focusing only on Erwin’s face. “Amazing.”

“Eren, he—”

“Yeah, you got Eren back,” Levi says. There’s a clatter behind him, the fumbling doctors nervous with their attempt at salvaging Erwin’s arm. “Hey, you better be fuckin’ saving his ass back there. He better not fuckin’ be dying.”

“Captain Levi, we will need to ask you to leave if you’re going to talk to us like that,” Someone says, muffled behind the mask covering their mouth. Levi’s shoulders bristle. Like fuck, they can’t make him leave. He’s not leaving Erwin again, not like this, when he’s so fragile.

“No, you want him to stay,” Hange confirms. “He’s calming Erwin down.”

“Well…all right.”

Levi hears the sound of a needle being pushed through skin, as they being stitching up what’s left of him. Levi can feel Erwin’s pulse where his hand grips his chin. Erwin’s eyes drift close at the sensation, drifting away on a whimper, but he’s breathing steady. Levi drops his head down, he rests it on his collarbone and feels the thud of his heartbeat. Erwin is alive, they’re fixing him up. He won’t ever be the same again, but he’s alive. He’s alive. He’s alive.

 

 

Life moves on around them, and Levi learns to adjust with a baby on his hip. River becomes a comforting shadow, a part of his soul that sits outside of his body. Levi spends one frosty morning dragging the crib into his bedroom and sets up River there. His kid sleeps better that way, his fussy cries turning to gentle babbles when he catches sight of Levi so close. Levi has nightmares that slip from his mind the moment he awakes, but he’s fighting in them, and everyone dies. It’s not much different from reality, but it’s easier to wake and see his child sleeping beside him.

They fall into a routine, and it’s easy enough to stick to. A baby keeps him busy enough, and he welcomes the regular updates from Onyankopon, who writes with such a neat, precise hand that Levi spends hours running through the sentences, marvelling at how well-printed his letters are.

“He’s a good man,” Levi says, after reading aloud the latest letter to River, who stares up at him with swollen gums. He has one tooth, tiny and white, sitting proud behind his bottom lip. He’s been miserable all week because of it.

Levi takes slow walks down into the village when they get through the worst of winter. It takes a long time with just his cane to support him, but it’s an accomplishment. He doesn’t enjoy using the pram, so he wraps the kid up close to his chest. He can feel his heartbeat and his small fist against his neck.

The village grows at a surprisingly quick rate as more settle. There’s a baker and a butcher; a store with dried produce, a haberdashery and carpenter. It seems every month or so, a new shop sets up, flooding the villagers with excitement. No one bothers him in the town. They nod towards him, call him captain against his will, and a few of the older women fuss around River during the times he’s awake, but he can manage it. He finds he doesn’t mind. No one much flinches away from his face either.

Levi’s a little short on breath by the time he makes it to the bottom of the hill, but he recovers against the stone well in the centre of the square. It’s a bright, chilly day, and there are a few villagers going about their business. They nod their heads towards him when he catches their eyes.

Eventually, he finds his way towards the haberdashery. He’s been stitching a blanket together for River out of scraps of the woollen yarn he finds at the store. He’s not all that good at it; his stitching is a little loose where his missing fingers can’t grip, but Falco’s mother shows him how to hold the needles to accommodate his disability and it helps. Every row is a little better than the one before.

There’s a little bell over the door and it pings lightly when he steps inside. There are only a few other customers milling around the place, so he makes his way over to the wall of skeins, keeping his head down. 

“You should get a horse!”

Gabi’s voice carries from one side of the room to the other, catching him out. She’s been working in the store for the last few weeks, taking shifts during the days that she doesn’t attend the local school. Most of the children here are younger, and there are only enough resources to keep her and Falco in education two days a week. Levi isn’t sure how they manage going back to school after everything that’s happened to them, but she seems bright enough. Maybe she likes the routine. 

“Why should I get a horse?” Levi says. His knee is stiff today. He can feel the exact points where the titan grabbed him. Maybe it shows on his face because she jumps down from the box and points towards the stiff wooden chair among the lacework. He takes a seat. He can hear the old man who owns the shop laughing loudly at the back of the store with a woman who has come in for a hem-shortening.

“‘Cause then you could come down into the village, or travel around more. And when River gets bigger, he could ride it. You used horses on Paradis — I remember. You’re old fashioned. I know you wouldn’t like a car.”

Gabi doesn’t talk of her time on Paradis very often, so Levi doesn’t argue quite as ferociously as he could. Anyway, he likes horses. He remembers preferring their company to humans most days in the barracks. He lost plenty in action, remembers the sounds they would make when torn apart. They never had a say in it, trained up and used for slaughter. Guilt prickles. He remembers the name of every horse he took charge of.

“I don’t think so,” he decides. “River can’t even sit up by himself yet. What use would a horse be?”

“Okay, old man.” Gabi stands with her hands on her hips, staring at the rows of yarn. She pulls down several in the colours she knows Levi is after. “Hey, I was thinking the other day that he reminds me of someone. Was his dad from the internment zone?”

Levi freezes. She wouldn’t know. She wouldn’t be able to work it out. “We didn’t talk much.”

“That’s gross. I thought you’d have been preoccupied elsewhere,” she says, but the little ding of the bell over the door distracts her enough to slip away to ambush the next customer, giving Levi the chance to rummage through the yarn in peace.

Levi manages to pay for the yarn with little fanfare from Gabi — she’s preoccupied by the other customers and he slips away, holding the purchased goods in his hands.

It’s a sluggish trip back up the hill and Levi pushes the memories of his previous athleticism away. It was the one thing he had that saved him back then; athleticism and violence. Now he has a kid, a memory of a life that seems inconceivable to those around him. A life so slow he’s taken to knitting.

He spends the rest of the day icing his swollen knee, attempting to knit the blanket with the fresh yarn, swearing beneath his breath whenever he slips a stitch. River fusses on the floor at his feet, happy to babble to himself, stuffing his fat little toes in his mouth and giggling whenever Levi talks to him. 

Between breaks, he stares down at his child, at his blond hair with the slight curl and his bright blue eyes. He’s got short chubby limbs and a round stomach. He doesn’t look like Levi. Just the nose. Maybe in the curved slope of his cheeks. Levi looks like his mother. Even during those years when he presumed Kenny sired him, he only saw his mother’s face staring back. He’s liked it secretly; it was the only way he knew to carry on her memory. Now, he looks at River and sees only Zeke.

He gets odd little reminders sometimes, not just in how similar River looks to Zeke. Tobacco will waft on the air when he’s in the village and suddenly he’s reminded of the scent of Zeke when they’d pressed so close together. Then the way he’d fled to the bathroom after, using his fingers to scoop what he could out whilst retching into the toilet. He’d hated himself, hated himself, burned on it during the raid. He’d gone harder on Zeke when he’d pulled him from the Beast. He hadn’t known then, but he’d known in the weeks after. 

Levi never lets any of it show. He does his best, and River is too young to wonder why it’s just the two of them. Levi kisses the round slopes of his cheeks and gets a wet one back on the tip of his nose. He loves on his son in a way he knows neither he or Zeke had from their own parents.

He doesn’t hate his child. Loves him, wonders sometimes, if this might have been enough. Maybe if he’d confessed to Zeke during that month in the forest. If maybe he’d told him, maybe it would have convinced him to change his plans. Maybe he’d have ruined Levi’s life faster.  

“You’re lucky,” Levi says to River, who looks over at the sound of Levi’s voice. “You won’t ever have to meet him.”

 

Half the survey corps are fucking. Levi’s not surprised — he grew up where sex was something to sell — something done in exchange, if only to make life a little easier for a moment. His earliest memories comprise of sitting in the rotting wardrobe as his mother earned them a few more precious pennies. 

In the barracks, it’s a case of passing the time before you possibly die on the next expedition. He’s walked in on Hange in the lab doing all sorts, Nanaba sneaking to Mike’s room when she thinks it’s too late for anyone to notice. His own team fuck enough to cause in-fighting that sets his teeth on edge. The newer cadets might be green when it comes to warfare, but they’ve laid each other out over and over. It’s to where Levi thinks he and Erwin might be the only two that aren’t fucking.

He says enough to Erwin one night, when he’s drunk on the feel of his tired limbs, high on the sensation of another survived expedition. They’re three days out after a successful mission, back safe with minimal losses. He’s clean. His socks warm and dry, ointment lathered onto the burn marks beneath his clothes. Erwin sits beside him. They’re several tankers down on watered-down ale, sinking into the cushions of the couch. It needs waxing.

“Everyone in this damn place is fucking. We’re the only ones not.”

Erwin laughs, making the corners of his eyes crinkle up. He’s getting older. When his face relaxes, it takes a while for the smoothness to iron out the creases around his eyes. Levi stares at how the alcohol sits in a high flush over Erwin’s cheeks. He has broad shoulders, he’s so solid, and Levi wants to sink his forehead against his collarbone. He wants to smell Erwin’s sweat through his shirt, and put his hands against his waist. Feel where his body expands with every breath. Mostly, Levi would like to hold him.

“I suppose we are the outliers,” Erwin says eventually. He leans forward to drink the last of the ale. It wets his bottom lip, leaving it shiny and pink. 

“They all think we’re fucking, anyway.”

“Mm. I’m aware.”

It lingers again. Levi thinks back to Erwin rejecting his awkward advances. If Levi knew how to use his words properly, or knew how to seduce, he’d try again, but he sits churlish, fumbling with the silence instead.

“There are some reports I need to finish.” Erwin stirs and stands from his silence, and Levi watches him sway a little before he moves, sliding behind his desk in the corner of the room. 

“I’ll just rest here a little while longer,” says Levi, pulling his feet up and wrapping his arms around his knees. He doesn’t sleep, he never does.

 

River is ten months before Levi has enough mental strength to unwrap the print which arrived with Historia’s letter all those months ago. It’s remained in the drawer since that day, untouched. He’s not been able to bring himself to open it and see all his regrets staring back.

No, no regrets. Erwin taught him not to have them, and he doesn’t  — through everything that happened, he doesn’t regret letting him rest. Erwin deserves only the best. He deserves more than what Levi has done for him. 

He’s been dusting upstairs for the last little while, white handkerchief wrapped around his hair — he’s taken to wearing it almost constantly. It keeps the longer parts from his son’s demanding grip, though he’s had a morning’s reprieve from the baby — Mrs Grice having swept River up and into the back of her car earlier that day to take him down into the village. He needs socialising and Levi needs a few hours to himself. If nothing else, it gives him a chance to pull out the furniture and clear away the dust bunnies.

His knee aches from kneeling on the floor. It’s not just the pain he’s struggled to get used to, but the never-ending aches are an uncomfortable permanence. He distracts himself with the portrait laid out in his hands as he sits on the edge of his bed, giving his bones a reprieve. 

The painting is more uncanny than what Levi recalls Erwin’s true image to be. His skin looks full and bright, and they’ve added more rouge to his cheeks in the paint. They’ve blended out the dark circles that took up permanent residence beneath his eyes. Still, it looks like him. It looks like the Erwin he met all those years ago — that complicated beginning they lived through, when Erwin found a weapon he wanted, and stopped at nothing to get it.

Levi loses ten minutes staring at the face painted so precisely, falling back into memories of their short time together.  Erwin looks young in the painting, frozen in a time that no one else will remember him by. He’d loved him. He’d loved him through everything, and still it ached.

 

River is walking by the time the second anniversary of the Rumbling comes around. There’s a celebration at the centre of the village, hand-sewn bunting trailing from the shop windows, cakes and pastries on sale. A group of men play stringed instruments in the alcove of the community-run tavern.

Levi’s knee has been playing him up so he’s stuck in his wheelchair, but River toddles around, his hair white-blond and curling down to his nape. He is the image of a young Zeke, there’s hardly any hiding it.

For the past few months, Levi has worked hard on integrating himself into the village. He comes down several times a week, sometimes to sit with Beate, sometimes to go down into the shops. The Brauns’ neighbour has a small child a year older than River, and she watches him for Levi sometimes, to give him time to himself. People treat him with respect, they don’t flinch at his face. They still call him captain.

Now he sits eating cake, drinking tea, and staring up at the people milling around the square. More people have moved in within the last year, and they’re rebuilding settlements around the community, breathing life into the devastation. The more able-bodied members of the community spend much of their time replanting seeds and building roads in the space around the town, Gabi tells Levi all about it whenever she visits. 

He doesn’t much like these anniversaries. He’s treated like a hero. People stand in front of him in awe. They try to give him gifts, which he always refuses. They have tears in their eyes around the family and friends that they lost, telling him about them, but all he sees are the sacrifices his own loved ones made. How they’re remembered by only him now, hated by the island they came from.

Levi regrets coming, although the tea is nice, and the sun is warm without being too much, and River is happy. It doesn’t rain here anywhere near as much as it did in the walls.

River falls asleep on his lap before late afternoon, and Levi takes that as his cue to leave. The owner of the carpentry workshop offers to take them both home in his car, and Levi agrees. He’s called Aron, and he holds his hand out to Levi to shake. Levi wouldn’t be able to do the trip back in his wheelchair and the Brauns are in various states of drunk from the free-flowing punch.

“I was in Liberio the night of the raid,” Aron says in the car. Levi’s hands flinch where they rest around his son, sleeping on his lap. “I’d help set up some stalls for the food festival. I was lucky enough to be far enough away from the events.”

“Oh.” A terrible night all round. Sasha’s death, Eren’s behaviour. Zeke. Zeke. Zeke. Levi’s hatred sour on his tongue. “I’m sorry.”

“Did you know Yeager was going to do that?”

“No,” Levi shakes his head. “He left us for a few months. His plan wasn’t ours. Did you lose anyone?”

“No, I was there on business.” Aron has no family, no children or wife. He’s forty-something, with light brown hair and a neatly trimmed beard. Levi knows all of this from the conversations he’s heard the women have in the village. They like him. He seems nice enough, by Levi’s reckoning. “Every day I wonder why I made it and no one else.”

Levi doesn’t respond, turning his head to look out of the window. He’s grateful it’s such a short journey. It stops the awkwardness setting in for too long.

Levi listens to the rumble of Aron’s car disappearing down the hill, noticing a new letter sticking out of his mailbox. He sighs, shuffling his sleeping child in his arms, and approaches. He grimaces, noticing Armin’s familiar scrawl across the front. He puts River down to sleep in his bed and reads it from the chair beside him.

Captain Levi

It’s been a while since my last letter. I’m sorry to say I was waiting to see if you’d write back, but I understand why. Your life is so different now, and I know you want to leave so much of your past behind.

If I can spend some time talking about my time with the Alliance, I would appreciate it. I love all my friends dearly, but it’s hard leading them. They want to be led, but I still don’t know where we’re going. Commander Smith and Hange always seemed to know their next steps. I feel like I’m fumbling on intuition. I’m tired, Captain. Whenever I speak with Historia, it’s with the sense that she’s hiding quite how betrayed our nation feels by us. But why can’t they see what Eren did wouldn’t help the cause?

I am angry with Eren. I know I made my peace with him, but his thoughtlessness has left such a mess behind. It’s too soon for us to return home, but I feel that will be the only way to make amends. I fear I won’t recognise any of it when I return, or that my cowardice will take over. I was always such a coward, wasn’t I? Returning makes me nervous and staying still makes me nervous. I think that surely life won’t ever be as hard as it once was, but the complications make me long for my time again — to the way it felt as a member of the Survey Corps, leaving on my first expedition. I wonder if I’ll ever find a place to call home again, if I’ll ever feel as at peace as I did before Reiner knocked down the wall. I try not to resent him for it, but sometimes the feeling is so strong it overwhelms.

I sometimes hear from Mikasa. I want to be closer to her again, but I’m not sure she’s ready for that. I know she is staying with Historia now on the farm. I miss her. I miss not being the one in charge. I miss the way things were when it was the three of us.

Reiner says he saw you last year when he returned to his family. Congratulations on your son. I’m sorry we… I’m sorry that it happened to you. If anything happened… he didn’t tell me the details, and it’s not for us to know. All the same, I hope you’re happy, Captain.

Armin

“What the fuck?” Levi says out loud, but he folds up Armin’s letter and leaves it with the rest. He doesn’t want the brat thinking something awful happened to him — that Zeke had forced it. Levi’s weaknesses around Zeke were never in that direction. They just got swept up.

 

 

River is in the middle of a hysterical meltdown when there’s a knock at the door. He’s two and a half and Levi is tired. He’s two and suddenly a rage has built up inside him that bursts over the smallest of things. Beate says this is normal, but Levi isn’t so sure. Maybe this is the terrible mix of his parents. Maybe this is Levi, or Zeke’s fault. An Ackerman gone wrong. He usually just lets him scream it out. Up here in their cottage on a hill, there’s hardly anyone else to hear it.

Levi’s in the kitchen drinking tea, his small child stamping his foot. The door knocks again, and he sighs.

“There’s someone at the door,” he says in a calm voice. “You gonna let me answer it?”

River bites his bottom lip, his blue eyes ringed with pink. They’re not used to people knocking. Gabi and Falco burst through normally — clattering through the wooden gate, and Beate has a key. No one else ventures this far up the hill. When River nods his head, Levi stands. It’s getting colder now, and his joints ache more. He reaches for his cane, shuffling slowly to the door.

When Levi opens the door, he sees a woman standing there, and Levi processes who it is with his one good eye. Historia is dressed rather plain and inconspicuous, simple civilian clothes that allow her to blend in and a headscarf masking the gold of her hair. Holding onto her hand is a child, only a little older than River.

“What are you doing here? Don’t you have a country to rule?” He asks, watching her shoulders rise.

“I’ve come over on official state business, but I snuck away with a little help,” she says, beaming down at her child, who giggles back. “Are you going to let me in, Captain?”

“I’m not your captain anymore. I hardly was.” Levi feels a nudge of something against his hip, small hands clutching at the hem of his soft trousers. He watches Historia’s eyes trail down to the movement, falling on the pair of eyes peeking out from behind him. Her daughter does the same.

The surprise on her face takes Levi aback. Armin knew via Reiner, so he’d been certain it would’ve travelled to the rest of them. Another person he’ll have to explain it to. “You here for tea or something else?”

Her eyes drift up to his own again, cheeks blushing. Historia nods and he sighs, stepping aside to let her in. She walks through into the kitchen with her daughter in hand, taking a seat as he flitters around slowly, placing the kettle onto the stove. River clutches at him quietly, eyes on the little girl. He doesn’t mind the folk in the village, but maybe it’s different for him to have strangers in the house.

“Is…Are they?” Historia presses her lips together. When Levi turns, she’s looking down at his son, staring at her shyly. “A girl or boy?”

Levi frowns, and looks down at River. His hair has grown down to his shoulders, in pale blonde wisps around his round cheeks. Maybe he ought to trim it, but his kid doesn’t seem to mind. He’ll ask him later. “Dunno. What are you, River?”

His son shrugs, confused by the question, and Levi gives him half a hug before moving to pull down the tea. River toddles away into the hallway and Historia’s girl quickly follows. Levi half listens, but he hears them chattering nonsensically in the living room next door. He’s glad for it.

“What’s her name?”

“Grace.”

“Huh. Before you ask he’s my kid and no one else’s,” Levi says, once the kettle whistles on the stove. He leaves it a moment before pouring water into the teapot over fresh leaves. He brings it over to the table and places it on the iron mat in the centre before taking a seat.

“I could be brazen,” she says lightly. “After you let me hit you that time, I feel I can get away with anything.”

Levi grumbles beneath his breath, knowing she’s right. He liked the kid once she grew a backbone. They worked together, freeing the underground orphans and saw how hard she worked, how easy she found her voice with him backing her up. 

“You look different.”

He snorts. “Old?”

“No,” she’s quick to correct. “You were always so fierce, but you’re not really… Now you’re all blended at the edges.”

It could be a compliment, he isn’t so sure. “Whatever the fuck that means.”

It makes Historia lose her footing for the first time, and he catches her hands playing on her lap before she tries again. “How are you doing, Levi?”

“I’m fine. How’s Mikasa doing?” He purses his lips together, feeling the jagged scar tissue from the inside.

“She’s changed. She’s quiet, but she’s surprisingly good with the kids on the farm and it keeps her busy. Keeps her occupied. Keeps her in shape. Sometimes I think you wouldn’t know she’s lost — that you lost.” Historia trails off, perhaps embarrassed to bring it up. Levi finds the pity distasteful, and rolls his tongue across his teeth to clear the sourness.

“We lost that part of ourselves when we ended things,” he says eventually. His strength had been so easy before, not something he’d ever taken for granted, but something he’d used as a survival method below ground, and for humanity above it.

“I knew you wouldn’t want me to come, which is why I didn’t call ahead, but — I feel like there’s an understanding between the two of us,” she whispers. Levi stares across the table at her, then notices the flash of blonde hair in the corridor again. Too nosey to stay away, and another one behind him. He holds out a hand and his small kid comes running over, clambering into Levi’s lap, as Grace tumbles into the seat beside Historia.

He watches Historia’s eyes drift down towards River, trying to pick out familiar features. She mustn’t know. Of everyone she mustn’t know.

“It’s hard ruling a country that can’t see my friends as anything but the villains. I just want things to go back to how they were. Don’t you?”

“Things couldn’t stay as they were, but I’ll never believe the way it ended was right. Eren had no right to destroy the lives of so many. My feelings towards him won’t be the same as it is for all of you. I can’t forgive that from him. There would always have been better options.”

“It’s not safe on the island for the Alliance. I’m not sure they quite understand. Eren inspired the military. I’m doing my best to rule, but I fear if I—” Historia looks around, down at River. “How will you explain to him everything that happened? With Grace… I just try telling her stories from before.”

Historia looks over at her little girl, who rests her chin on Levi’s table, staring at the flowers painted over his crockery. Like River, she’s too young to have any comprehension of what they’re talking about, despite inheriting their world one day.

Levi’s life with him is quiet, and taken day by day. He has thought little beyond that. The role that Levi had in the world, what his other father had wanted. What his uncle destroyed, what Levi was and what River will never have to endure. The idea of explaining all of it makes him uneasy. He doesn’t want the burden or the blame to fall on him.

“I hope he grows up in a world that differs from what we had. When he’s older, he’ll be able to climb trees and pick flowers, and read books.” The idea is asinine to Levi, who learned to hide in dark corners, and merge with the dead to avoid being thrown into the same horrors his mother dealt with.

“Levi, even I got to do those things,” she says gently, but he shrugs it off. “I mean war.”

“There’s always gonna be war. Just because Eren slaughtered most the population, doesn’t stop people from wanting to murder. Isn’t that what Paradis is prepping for? All those weapons being built just to sit pretty on the wall-less island? My kid is living in the arena of a decimated land. He’ll understand. Make sure you teach your girl what they won’t show her in the schoolbooks.”

What he can see of her face turns red, and she scrabbles to busy herself with drinking her tea. She takes a sip, hissing as the hot liquid burns her soft lips. He should be able to say something else, something more helpful, but she’d known what to expect from him. He’d been physical with her previously.

“I know,” she says eventually. “I know.”

There are a few long moments of silence. Grace lets out one long breath, clearly bored with the conversation, but before Historia can gently chide her, Levi shifts River on his lap until he gets down. “Why don’t you show Grace the forte you made with Gabi in the stables?”

River nods his head, suddenly excited about showing off, and Grace jumps out of her chair, bouncing on her toes excitedly. They chase each other through the kitchen door, their giggling carrying out into the courtyard.

“I was never that happy,” Historia says lightly, her eyes wet. She wipes them against the back of her hand. “I’m here on official business, meeting with the new Marleyan government. I told one of my guards I had business further north and he’s allowed Grace and I a few days’ reprieve from the tight schedule. I’m going to try seeing everyone tomorrow. We’re taking the railroad later.”

“You haven’t seen them since before the Rumbling?”

“No, not for a long time, but they’re my family… Connie. Jean. Armin. We grew up together, shaped around the space that Eren melded us into, and now it all feels wrong. And I’m queen now. Things changed a lot after I was crowned.”

“Yeah, it was a different time. We were all different people,” he says. He can’t look at her. His one good eye slips around the room, looking for something to latch onto. It’s awkward, she’s too old to council, and he doesn’t know what she wants from him, anyway. 

“Can I ask you something?”

“Sure. Don’t mean I’ll know the answer.”

“He’s Zeke’s,” she says firmly, eye wide blue eyes fixed on him. “River.”

It’s not the question he expected, but he doesn’t lie about it, shrugging his shoulder. “Not my fondest moment, and yet I can’t call it a mistake.”

“He looks like him. Anyone that’s seen the photo Grisha left behind can see it. Zeke can’t have known, otherwise he wouldn’t have done…what he did.” She looks at his face, and then away, as if embarrassed. Pinning Levi into some kind of victimhood that sours his mouth. 

“He didn’t know, but even if he did, I think Zeke was too far gone to change his mind.”

“Armin changed it,” she says. “She spoke with him and got him to help.”

“Yeah, I don’t have his way with words.” Zeke had already lost at that point, but Levi doesn’t see the point in arguing. “There was no world in which we could have raised a child together. If anything, finding out might have driven him to the edge earlier. I just have to remind myself that River’s half of him, and he’s half of me, but he’s his own person. We changed the world, but he can survive in this one. Grace is on the other side, I hope she’s able to maintain a balanced view on life, despite what Paradis will teach her.”

She nods her head and then suddenly bursts into tears, her hands coming up to cover her face. Levi grimaces. Never the wordsmith. He’s not old enough to be Historia’s father, but he can’t consider her a friend. Mostly, he feels like a failure.

“It’s hard,” she says, between breaths. He pours her another tea, pushing it closer. “All of this is so hard and I have no one around me to help.”

“I know,” he says. “I know, kid, we just have to keep on. So we don’t fuck over our own kids in the ways we were.”

 

 

Levi isn’t drunk, but the edges of Erwin’s room are softer when he returns. His head is full of the conversation with Erwin — Erwin who will not stay safe, Erwin who will lead them, likely to his own death. 

It’s Erwin who speaks first. “I would like to have loved you.” 

The words sting, still, despite the alcohol. Levi is not in the mood to beg, or plead, or even explain himself, so he takes a seat at the table in Erwin’s bedroom, staring down at Erwin’s polished boots, ready for tomorrow. His uniform is hanging empty of a body over the wooden frame of the window and Levi finds his eyes drawn to it. Better than staring at Erwin, at letting his tongue catch on the words sitting unspoken.

“We had time,” Levi says eventually. “The offer was there.”

“In another world. I could have been more present with no distractions. I didn’t want to give you half a man.”

Half a man would have been enough, but Levi doesn’t argue.

The shadows move around the room, and Levi’s softened anguish turns to frustration. His head is filled with the things that Erwin wants, knowing now that they stand in different directions. Erwin’s heart has room only for his father’s dream, now fully realised. The basement. Another world and Levi would have been enough. Another time, and maybe things would have been different.

“We have one night left,” he says eventually. “I’ll take half a man if you’re willing to give it.”

“Levi…”

“Not asking for anything else, and not gonna be pathetic about it, but I’m laying it out there. If you want a warm body in your bed tonight, please take mine.”

A shuddering sigh sounds off from the other side of the room and Levi stands up. He will do his bit. He will keep Erwin alive as long as possible. Keep him safe. He’s just not sure if that’s what Erwin will want of him.

He takes a seat beside Erwin on the bed. His mouth opens, and his blonde eyelashes fall close.

“I’ve worked tirelessly to resist you, Levi.”

“You didn’t need to.” Levi leans over. He puts one small hand over Erwin’s. His nails are blunt, his skin a little chapped from the weather. Levi takes it between his own. It’s warm and his fingers slide against Levi’s wrist, his cardigan has frayed at the end of the sleeve. Levi will darn it. When they return, he’ll mend it.

“I hope you know it hurt me too, pushing you away as I did, but I’ve had no choice.”

It hurts to hear, so Levi presses their mouths together. He holds himself there, lips against lips, waiting for Erwin to pull back. He doesn’t this time. Now, when it might be too late, he brings his arm tight around Levi’s waist, pulling him in closer.

Erwin’s lips against his own, his one hand crumpling the fabric of Levi’s shirt, knuckles pushed up into Levi’s waist, pulling him tight. Levi feels the burning anger inside, bubbling up trying to speak, but his tongue is too busy, his body is too busy finding its way on top of Erwin. He knocks Erwin off balance, still not right without the steadiness of his missing arm. His weight is heavy, but Levi relishes the firmness beneath him. Erwin’s warm and solid, just like he knew he would be; like he needed him to be

It’s different now, because even if everything works out, nothing will be the same. Tomorrow they return to Shiganshina, and everything will change.

“Is this enough?” Erwin asks, the groove between his eyebrows pulling in tight. This isn’t enough. This will never be enough. Levi shakes his head, but he can’t detach his mouth from Erwin, can’t stop his hands from tracing over his cheekbones, over his fine blond hair. 

“It’s too late for anything else.” Levi presses himself heavier onto Erwin’s lap. Erwin’s hand wraps around his waist. He pulls him in close, his mouth pressing apologies against Levi’s jawline. Too late. Too late.

They don’t fuck but Erwin moves his body over Levi’s, pressing him down. He kisses Levi’s cheeks, and he pushes his hair back. He says words that make Levi squirm, words people don’t say to the likes of him. Levi feels soft beneath him, something to treasure.

Pleasure burns up inside Levi, but Erwin’s hand stays buried in his hair. Their hips move together. Levi pushes his tongue into Erwin’s mouth, feels the heat of him growing harder, hears the squeaking of the bed.

They take it no further. The pleasure burns out and Levi wants to hold Erwin, can’t bear the sweet things he says against his skin. He’s unworthy of this type of affection, and he doesn’t trust the words from Erwin’s mouth. This could be real affection, or a final stab at pity. Levi’s seen his acting before, but he’s willing to take it.

They lay together on the thin slab of Erwin’s mattress, counting the breaths between them. Levi rests his head against the crook of Erwin’s arm, and allows himself to be held for once, for one time.

 

By four, River’s hair grows long and blonde, curling into ringlets down to his shoulders. He spends his days climbing trees and Levi spends his evenings pulling leaves from the blond strands, sitting him in the bathtub and letting his kid tell him about his day. He talks about fairies, and pirates, and princesses that live in the meadows. Levi wonders if he’d have been like that, if he’d been born Above, if his mother had been able to give him more than the damp walls of the brothel he had been born into. He combs River’s hair afterwards, letting the blonde curls dry as he drinks warm milk sweetened with honey before putting him to sleep.

The best parts of Levi’s days are sitting outside in the bank of grass down by the stream, watching as River plays outside, finding bugs and flowers and dirt, demands to know the names of them all and even if they were back home, Levi wouldn’t have a clue. He’d never had the time to learn, and the gap in knowledge embarrasses him.

Erwin would know, Levi thinks. He’d have some book on it and an anecdote to follow through. His childhood that he talked about so wistfully, as if he forgot how harshly it ended.

It’s summer. Tomorrow, they leave for another mission deep in Maria, but for now, they mill around in the fields beyond the barracks. Levi sits beside Erwin, who has his sleeves rolled up to his elbows. Something strange flutters into view, landing on the tanned length of Erwin’s bare arm.

“What the fuck?”

“It’s a butterfly,” Erwin says, watching Levi flinch at the strange orange and black-winged creature — like a moth, but larger and brighter. He’d seen moths in the underground, large and brown, burning themselves when they floated too close to the flickering candles lighting up the dark taverns.

Everything is brown beneath Mitras. The ground, the houses, the stench. The food served up; the food smuggled down from Above, half-rotting by the time it made its way beneath the ground. Clothes, too, after a while, seemed to fade into the murky muddiness.

He feels guilty sometimes, being above in the bright openness, remembering the simplicity in the anguish of survival. In being strong, but surrounded by those suffering. The guilt that pulls from him.

“They’re caterpillars first, then after cocooning for a few long weeks, they turn into these creatures.” Erwin is still talking and Levi looks at him. He doesn’t know what a caterpillar is, but he doesn’t ask. “They don’t live long, but I suppose that’s the price for such beauty.”

The butterfly flutters away, disappearing over Levi’s shoulder. His thoughts are stuck on the colour of it, so vibrant. “Why are they so bright?”

“For a lot of reasons. Sometimes it’s just to ward off any prey,” Erwin says. “Sometimes I think in another life it would be nice to plant up some purple bushes in a garden. Lavender maybe. Watch it bloom and watch the butterflies flock to it.”

It sounds nice, but it doesn’t sound like Erwin. Those aren’t the dreams he has.

“You don’t talk about the future much,” Levi says. “Only as far as our next expedition.”

“I try not to indulge.” Erwin’s smile is small, private. Levi catches it when he thinks no one else could. “Days like today make it a little easier.”

 

Summer comes around again, and River blazes ahead, his little legs taking him fast down the hill on their trips into town. A strange anxiety tugs at Levi’s chest whenever he skips too far ahead. It’s an unknown sensation. Makes Levi long for the days where River was tiny enough to carry around on his chest. Before this, Levi could catch up with those around him; Isabel rushing ahead underground. Erwin’s plans never fully spoken above it, but taken on trust. Levi had trusted the both of them. He needs to learn to trust his kid too. 

Today there’s a travelling market set up in the heart of the village; goods brought in from far away to liven up the produce they’re used to. Levi sees an array of stalls selling sweets, alcohol, and fresh flowers. Even some of the local businesses have moved out of their shops to join in on the event; the baker’s pastries piled high and glistening. He notices Aron in the far corner with a supply of handmade wooden toys, and knows he’s going to come away with a lighter purse from the day.

Still, River pauses in awe at the crowds and the stalls before turning around and lifting his arms to Levi. His words don’t always come to him, but Levi understands, buckling only a little to help his kid jump up into his arms. 

As they wander through the stalls, Levi’s reminded of the bustling markets in Paradis. Apples so red they glossed like a mirror, bread dusted in flour and so fresh. Levi remembers the first time he had fresh bread, tasting something that hadn’t been tossed to the underground stale and crusted with specks of mold.

After a while, River feels confident enough to walk by himself and they weave through the wooden stalls together. Levi avoids eye contact most of the time with the crafting folk. He doesn’t wish to be pulled into their conversations, or apologies, or opinions. He isn’t the hero who helped save the world anymore. He’s just the small man that lives on top of the hill, with the boy with the white-blond hair.

Soon enough, River spots Aron’s stall, and tugs on Levi’s hand, pulling him over. His blue eyes open wider, his chin barely level with the stall. His cheeks are flushed from the heat, but he just about makes out the spinning tops and whistles, the wooden hobby horses, painted and varnished in primary colours.

“One thing,” Levi says to him softly. He has enough gold coins in his purse for something small.

“Levi, it’s good to see you,” Aron says. He’s got his sleeves rolled up to his forearms, and his dark hair curls damp where it falls against his forehead. “And River, of course. He’s getting big.”

Levi makes a disgruntled noise in the back of his throat. He doesn’t want to be reminded of that. Tall and slim like his father. “How are things?”

“I can’t complain. I feel better for seeing you, actually. It’s nice to see you down from that little cottage on the hill.”

The comment lingers between the two of them for a moment. Levi feels his cheeks flush, and he bites the tip of his tongue. Aron is a nice man. He’s handsome. He has no wife or children, and he’s flirting with Levi openly. It makes him feel nauseas.

“Papa, I want the horse,” River says, tugging on Levi’s trouser pocket. The distraction is welcome. Levi tells him to pick a colour, and he picks the yellow. Levi hands over the correct money into Aron’s outstretched hand, hoping to put an end to the awkward flirting. Whatever Aron wants from life, it isn’t Levi.

River is happy enough to weave alongside Levi, riding his little hobby horse as they look over the stalls. Levi comes to a stop at the furthest booth where rows and rows of books are spread out. The covers are clothbound, and leather, a little worn with age.

Erwin had helped him learn to read and write, but he’s not always been on top of his game about it. He can write letters, read them back, but not sit for hours sprawling over words. With only one eye left, it makes the words even harder to decipher at times.

Erwin had been a voracious reader. He had books squirrelled away, hidden beneath floorboards, and tucked behind ornaments. When he was in the right mood, he would sit in his bed, burning the candle to the wick, tracing over the words. Levi would sit in the chair, watching, guarding. Dreaming and wondering. Desperate to know the words Erwin was reading, wondering how it would feel to lie beside him. He’d fall asleep that way, knees drawn to his chest, arm wrapped over them, watching in reverence as Erwin found a small slither of peace between the pages of the book.

Zeke liked to read, too. Levi knows from the paperback he held in his hand in the forest, well-thumbed, the cracks on the spine showing how often he’d open and close it. Levi ought to instill that kind of love in his son. It’s something positive to link back to his father at least.

Levi slips his hand over the nearest book, sliding it open. The drab gray cloth giving way to thick paper. It’s illustrating the flowers and fauna of the world — or what existed before Eren tore through the world. Fine watercolour drawings spread out over the pages. Minimal wording. River hasn’t discovered a love of words yet, but Levi likes the idea of reading this to him, so they can discover the new world together.

“How much?” he asks, but he’s decided already, pulling out his purse again as the seller mutters a clear mark up. He at the very least looks meek when Levi frowns at him, but the money is exchanged, and Levi lifts the book up, slipping it into his bag.

They browse for a little longer, and Levi tries to tempt River into stopping for some fresh lemonade at the fruit stand, but he’s too wrapped up in his new toy, rushing around with the stick between his legs, making noises that sound more like the rumble of a car engine than a horse.

“Pa, did you ride a horse?” he asks, and Levi is taken back five years. Machinery replaced horses in his last few years on Paradis, but before that, he recalls the name of every horse he had. He remembers the comfort he found in the quietness of the stables with gentle animals that just stood and listened.

“Yeah, I used to ride horses.”

Levi rests his hand lightly on his son’s golden hair, watching him shimmy the horse as he moves. Slowly they walk away from the hub of the market, where it’s a little easier to listen to one another.

He spots Gabi looking pale, sitting near the disused water pump in the centre of the town. Falco is crouched beside her, his brow furrowed. They’ve both grow a lot in the last couple of years — both taller than Levi. Her hair is long, worn down more often, and Falco’s voice has dropped lower. River spots them, rushing over, the sound of the wooden wheels of his new toy spinning over the cobbles. Falco smiles down at him, but his forehead remains creased. 

“Hey,” Levi says lightly, looking down at Gabi. Her brown eyes lift towards him, her thick brows still heavy. “You not enjoying the market?”

“We went to a market once, bigger than this. With food from around the world, and all these people. We ate food we’d never been allowed before, but then Eren Yeager showed up. He showed up, he killed our friends and everything changed.”

“My fault,” Falco adds softly. “I was posting his letters, so you would all show up.”

“You’re just a kid, Falco. It wasn’t your fault.” Levi sees his kid cart off a little way away, bored with the conversation. “We didn’t want that to happen, none of us did. We didn’t know that he would do that, not until it was too late.”

“I know, but it still makes us sad. We lost friends that day. It’s when everything changed.”

Levi nods his head. He thinks of all the friends he’s lost over the years. How he changed with each and every loss. “This isn’t a good reminder for you.”

“I’m glad the rest of the town is having fun,” Falco says softly. His voice is still quiet, like he can’t quite hide the sorrow. The pain pulses between them all, and Levi falters, unsure of how to comfort.

“I thought maybe we could have a party or something at my house tomorrow,” he decides, on the spur of the moment. Gabi catches him out, her eyes narrowing in his direction as she whips her head around.

“Your house? You only like me there if I’m going to clean.”

“That’s not exactly true,” he says. “Invite both your parents. Bring food. We’ll celebrate in the courtyard.”

“Celebrate what?”

Another flash of a previous life floods his memories. His friends, his comrades, how they saluted him, barely alive in the dust and rocks. “I think we’ve all lost a lot in the last few years. We’re the survivors. Maybe we should celebrate.”

“Now that doesn’t sound like you,” Gabi says. “Hey Levi, have you caught too much sun? Do you need to sit down?”

“Fuck you,” he says, because she’s older now and has said far worse in response. 

 

By the next morning, Levi doesn’t want to say he regrets inviting everyone, but he’s remembering how little he likes his space crowded with visitors. River fixates on his horse, wheeling it around beneath his legs, neighing at Levi, and getting under his feet until he chases him out into the courtyard. This is domestic. This is Levi asking people to come to his house, rather than their constant support of him.  He’s made a cake, adorned with berries he plucked from the bushes at the front of the garden, sprinkled with powdered sugar, purple lavender adorning the top.

This is a community. He supposes cooking for people he cares for is just as important as fighting for them. And it’s not many people. It’s Falco’s family, and Gabi’s. It’s a few of the women that work in the haberdashery who helped Levi with his knitting, who have brats of a similar age to River. In a year or so, he might have to send his kid to the school. He might as well socialise him before this happens. He doesn’t want his kid ending up with his own awkward social skills, or worse, Zeke’s.

People arrive prompt, in a flurry, and Levi herds them into the courtyard where they can’t clutter up his house. It’s feels safe here, these people who have invaded his life with their good intentions. It spurs him on, forces him to engage as much as possible.

But after three hours of hosting, Levi’s enthusiasm wilts. He sits on a chair pulled out from his kitchen with the rest of his guests, listening to their conversations with his hands resting on his lap. One of women is having anther brat, her stomach round and full, her face plump and happy. Levi doesn’t remember it that way, not at all. He bears the mark of his stomach stretching, and his chest never sits as flat as it once did, despite his bindings. Listening to them talk of motherhood, and children, he knows he doesn’t fit in, and that he’s confusing. Not a mother, but certainly not familiar to them in the way fathers normally are. He’s accepted mostly, revered only a little. He’s a hero, his strangeness erased by this fact.

As the women chatter, he drinks his tea and watches River show off his horse to the other younger kids. He’s bossy, but he’s smaller than them. When he talks, he uses his hands. When the younger women drift away, they’re soon replaced with Beate, who looks at him knowingly.

“Why did you invite everyone today? You look as if you’ve had it.”

Levi thinks of Gabi and Falco, but it isn’t his place to explain their sadness. “Just wanted to give back. Everyone’s always helping me.”

“Hm.” She doesn’t sound convinced. He watches her eyes drift over to River, in the way they often do. She stares, not with cruelty, but like she’s seen a ghost. She does it again, now, and he catches Mrs Grice doing the same as she takes a seat beside the two of them. 

“What was Zeke like?” he asks softly. River drops his horse down to the ground and rushes to the stables, where Gabi and Falco are lounging away from everyone else.

“He was a quiet boy, wasn’t he, Fiona?” Beate turns to her friend, who nods her head. “We had little to do with Grisha and Dina, but he was a good boy from what we saw of him. Helped his grandparents, with his father being away so much. Timid, though, especially when he was young.”

“Yes, he wasn’t always so confident. I always wondered what kind of fit he would be as a candidate. They pushed him towards it and he wanted to please them before Ksaver poisoned his mind against them.”

Beate looks down, her lips in a straight line. “I’m not sure it was that simple. He was a pawn.”

Levi struggles to find sympathy in the Zeke he’d known, the one so willing to let their entire people die out for the sake of presumed peace. What he did to Erwin. The part they both played in it.

“I hated Zeke, still do I think,” Levi says quietly. “But I love what we created together and I’m sorry his parents hadn’t been able to see him as anything more than a pawn.”

“Yes, it’s always going to be difficult for you, I’m sure.”

“It’s fine,” Levi grunts, waving his hand uselessly in the air. “Can’t do shit about it now.”

By the time the last guest leaves, Levi’s exhausted. His body moves stiff as he tidies up the courtyard, and River whines his way through bath time, overtired from the party. Levi lets him cry it, giving him a glass of warm honeyed milk before popping him into bed.

He opens the book he purchased for him the night before, stumbling over the complicated flowers, written out in a language too archaic for his tongue. River doesn’t notice. His eyes grow heavy quick enough, and he’s asleep in no time, blonde curls fanned out around his head, his cheeks rosy. Levi thinks he looks like an angel. Something too perfect for him.

 

Levi knows what it is. He’s been raised to know the signs. Been raised to favour his mouth, his thighs, even his ass if he really wanted it.

“Don’t let them stick it in your cunt, or you’ll end up the same as your mother,” some woman had said to him once, not long after his mother died. She must’ve taken one look at Kenny, and thought him the same as the rest.

It was easier when he came Above, on the few rare occasions that he sought another body — always blonde, someone distant man who wanted no fuss or attention. Always brewed the tea with his special herbs afterwards. Couldn’t get those Below.

He didn’t have the herbs on him during their brief tryst before Liberio. Wasn’t a part of any plan. Zeke had been pulling out when he came, most dribbling out between Levi’s thighs. He’d wiped himself clean in the bathroom afterwards, hoping the stench wouldn’t be so obvious.

But the rags he’d parcelled up for his time in the forest have seen no use, and nausea prickles the back of his throat each morning and his chest aches every time he binds, and he knows the signs. He can count backwards from when this started.

“Captain, you are rather frightening when you look at me like that,” Zeke says, breaking Levi from his thoughts. They haven’t spoken of it, like they’d both rather put it behind them. “You might stop me sleeping, or worse, give me nightmares.”

Levi could tell him. It’s just the two of them right now, the rest of Levi’s men sleeping high in the trees. He’s sitting opposite him, his book in hand, his blue eyes warming under the flickering fire. Maybe it would change things. A brat. A demon shared between them. Enough of a reason to stop whatever plans he has with Eren. Historia can’t eat him until she has her kid; she’s close to it, from what Levi knows. A few short weeks away. Levi has months. Anything could happen. He could bleed it out, lose it. Then it would be for nothing. Then Levi’s words would be useless. He’d be weak.

Levi is a lot of things, but he’s not weak.

“Look at you like what?” 

“Like you want to kill me,” Zeke says. His face barely moves, but his eyes wander over Levi. He has no idea what they’ve created. Telling him would only make things worse. “I don’t mind it. I know you don’t want any harm to come to me. Wouldn’t want to ruin your grand plans.”

“Shut up,” Levi says, eyes shifting away when Zeke smirks, pushing his glasses up his nose.

He plans on telling Zeke later that night when the man disappears into his tent. Levi stares at it, feeling sick, feeling a ball of something fierce burning in his chest. His feet tap on the ground, nervous over the dry ground.

His men are snoring above him, but he doesn’t need their back up. He’ll tell Zeke, and he’ll sort it out. He’ll kill him if he has to…if it comes to that. Make up some excuse to Hange about why he fucked up.

Levi rips the tent flap open a little more aggressively than planned, and when he looks down, Zeke is sprawled on his back, hands resting on his stomach. He doesn’t mean it to happen, but it does. It happens that night, and it happens the next and the next. It’s never anything romantic or soft, just blunt fingers and a heavy cock between his thighs, inside him. He rides Zeke, blocking out the soft sighs he makes, fingers twisting in his shoulders as their bodies move together. He feels the sensation, the odd pleasure, but not much else.

It only happens once. This is what Levi tells people. What he tells himself. River happened the first time. The rest was just Levi’s brain breaking and there’s no one left alive that would be impacted by the confession. Zeke was half scared of him, and Levi was angry and at night it came out in a strange, carnal way.

No one will know this, Levi will take it to his grave. 

He’s still thinking about it when the door to his bedroom flies open and a scurry of small feet on the floor gives way to little hands pulling back the covers. Levi lets him in and smiles when his kid’s face rubs against the fabric of his bed shirt.

This is peace, with the sound of the birds streaming in, and the softness of his son’s wavy hair falling around them. The gentleness of the morning, untouched by a routine.

“Is that man my other papa?” River asks softly. Levi doesn’t understand at first, but he looks down. River is staring at the portrait of Erwin. A few months ago Levi framed it, finally able to look at it more keenly. He keeps it beside his bedside table. He can look at it easier now, and he entertains no one else in this room. River hasn’t mentioned it before.

Maybe Erwin should have done what Zeke managed. It might have been enough for him to tolerate living a little more. Maybe change his perspective, maybe find another way about things. Would’ve put Levi out of action, though. The way he is with River, the way he feels about him, would come above anything. Anyone. He wouldn’t have been able to do what he needed to back then, encumbered with unrelenting love for a child.

“He was my friend,” Levi says eventually. I would have liked to have loved you. “He was my best friend, but he’s not your papa.”

“Oh.” he’s expecting a who is, but it doesn’t come. River’s hands bunch in the fabric of his shirt. “Did he die in the war?”

“Yeah, he died in the war.”

“You got your scars in the war.”

“Yeah.”

When it’s time to get up, Levi gets River fixed and ready before washing up himself. Levi catches sight of himself in the mirror that hangs in the bathroom. His scars have healed to strange ridges in his skin, his one eye as milky as ever. He needs to cut his hair, but he spends most of his life wrapping a handkerchief around it, keeping it from his eyes. He isn’t sure how he feels about the few threads of silver bleeding out of the black.

River is excited, bouncing on his toes as they take a walk down into the village. Today he starts school for the first time, something he’s been looking forward to all summer and Levi has been dreading. The idea of his home being empty without his son for three days of the week unsettles him. He won’t be able to keep him safe if anything was to happen so far away.

There’s a cluster of children at the entrance of the school when they reach the bottom and for a moment River holds tight onto Levi’s hand, tucking his face to Levi’s side. Levi pats his head, his few remaining fingers fumbling through the blonde strands.

“You’ll be okay. You might even learn something.”

Levi didn’t go to school, and whatever schooling Zeke got was through the eyes of Marley. Their kid gets better than that. He thinks Zeke would be grateful somehow, if he was here to see it. Eventually, River lets go of his hand when the teacher steps outside, gesturing the smallest to step forward. His little hands bunch up into fists, a movement Levi knows he does himself. He watches on nervously as his son steps inside.

 

 

Levi finds work in the new tea shop on the days River is in school. It means he isn’t forced to do the steep walk up the hill more than once, and he feels better for still being so close to the school in case anything bad happens.

He never knew you could get so many blends of tea. Before everything changed, tea was black, occasionally smoked, overpriced when cut with dried rose petals and always too weak for his liking. He only got the nicer ones when Erwin sorted it for him; a bonus paid in tea rather than gold.

Here they sell green tea, spiced tea from the Mid East, and blended fruit infusions. As part of his wage, he gets to take home a sample of his choosing in a paper bag, Levi’s taken to relishing the small cup of his choice when they finish the walk back home.

He’s far from the most natural shop assistant, but they mainly set him to clean and handle the tea. His face is familiar and endeared by the locals, but anyone from further afield flinches at the sight. He’s never been good with small talk.

It’s during a quiet late morning lull when Levi hears a loud huff and something heavy being dumped onto one of the round wooden tables in the shop. He turns from where he was scooping tea into sample bags to find Gabi wiping sweat from her brow, staring down at a heavy case on the desk.

“I bought a typewriter,” she announces loudly. There’s no one else in the shop but he still chides her to lower her voice. She whispers it again, more aggressively. “I bought a typewriter.”

“You a writer now, then?” Levi limps around from behind the large wooden counter, and over to Gabi. She unclips the metal buckles and opens the lid. Inside is a black glossy typewriter. A little tarnished around the edges to show its previous use, but the ribbon looks neat. He sees a stack of paper sitting in the lid of the case.

“I’ve decided I want to write letters. There’s so many people here that can’t write and it’s sad. I thought maybe I could help draft letters for the people they lost. Maybe it might help them find them. There’s only so many trees I can plant.”

Eighty percent of the world wiped out. Levi knows it’s unlikely the people suffering from loss will ever hear from their loved ones. It’s a genuine gesture though, so he doesn’t remind her of this.

“That’s a nice idea.”

“I could write stuff for you, too. Tell the stories. You must have so many,” she says excitedly, but she’s older now and she can read his expressions a little better. She must catch something in his face because she shrugs. “Or not. Maybe those stories would be too much of a downer.”

“Yeah, probably.”

The routine fills Levi’s week and he starts to feel a sense of belonging. He counts the years, and it almost matches the amount he spent topside with Erwin by his side. He likes being able to pick River up at the end of the day, listening to him about the things he learned in his little voice, his hair long and flowing past his shoulders. Levi always sends him in with it braided, but it never stays that way.

Most of his conversations revolve around the friends he’s making rather than the lessons, but Levi thinks that’s a good thing. He’s known plenty of smart people out there, but being able to empathise and talk with others beats out brains every time. For survival, if nothing else.

Levi still tsks him when he gets him in the bath that night. He likes climbing and swinging from trees, and wrestling with the other kids, and he returns every night with fresh bruises and scraps on his body. He’s there for the socialisation, for the moments between classes where he gets to run around and climb. Tonight is no different, but he has a red mark over his knuckles that Levi’s only just noticed.

“Huh, do the other kids come back to their parents like this?” Levi says, dumping a cup of warm water over River’s head. His laughter is infectious, his milky white teeth on show as he giggles. Levi bites his tongue from laughing along.

“Freya’s brother knocked me out of the tree, so I knock him out with my fist,” he says brightly. “The teacher didn’t see!”

“Right.” He fought back. That’s good. From what he’s heard, Zeke wouldn’t have at that age. Levi’s proud, but he tuts again, so his kid at least thinks he’s half disappointed.

“Pa, how come Freya has a brother and I don’t? And Gabi doesn’t, or Falco.”

“Some families are small. I didn’t have any brothers or sisters.” Isabel’s face looms, pale green eyes unseeing on the wet ground. He thinks of Falco’s brother too, and how River hasn’t a clue he was ever a little brother. Zeke changed that. He tucks the comment away.

“What if I want one?” Good luck. Levi laughs instead, the absurdity of the conversation getting away from him slightly.

“Why’d you want a brother? He’d be a baby and they cry. They just cry and shit themselves.”

“I didn’t!” River insists, splashing water over the rim of the bathtub with his little indignant movement.

“You cried all night,” Levi carries on, slipping his hand into the tub to empty the water. He hisses when he stands — bathing his kid is a nightmare on his knees, and drops a towel on his head, muffling the giggles from River. “In fact you cried so loud Gabi could hear you all the way at the bottom of the hill.”

“You’re lying!” his kid says, pulling the towel from his head and raising his arms for Levi to help lift him from the tub.

 

Saturday morning sees Levi drinking tea with Falco and Gabi in the Braun cottage, while Beate bakes a cake with River. Falco seems quieter than normal, but Gabi fills the space with chatter about her typing skills. There’s a course running in the closest town and regular bus links there and back.

“I’m going to be the best,” she assures them both, and Levi grumbles along, sipping his tea.

“You still planning to write all them letters?”

“She keeps asking people,” Falco interrupts. “Even when they’re just shopping for ribbon in the store.”

“It works. I’m getting good practice in.” Gabi leans her upper body closer to Levi, smirking. “I wrote one for Aron, Levi. Do you wanna know what it says?”

He feels his cheeks burn, though not for any reciprocal feeling for the carpenter. It’s just strange, thinking people are even attractive to him in this form. At least before, he’d had a use, a talent. Now he’s just a kid’s parent in a warped body, and aged scars.

“I hope it’s not dictated to me.”

“No, I think he’s looking for a wife elsewhere now he knows you’re not interested.” Taken him long enough, Levi figures. He sips his tea, letting it mask anything else.

The cake River makes with Beate is sweet, and dressed with seasonal fruits. He returns to Levi with fingers sticky from powdered sugar and a stomach full of raw batter from licking the bowl clean. The cake is nice though, and after five years together, he’s realising this is almost the longest he’s spent in one family with no one dying. It stings the back of his eyes, and he looks down to make sure that no one sees.

Falco offers to drive Levi and River back up to his cottage when they’re ready to leave, but Levi declines. It’s a nice temperature outside, and he could do with a walk. River could do with burning off the sugar rush too.

As they make it to the village square, Levi notices more traffic on the narrow streets than usual, a row of black cars — one more familiar than the rest. Levi smiles. It’s been so long. Almost a year since he’d last seen his dear friend, who returns for a few weeks out of the year and disappears just as quickly.

Levi pulls onto River’s hand, squeezing and dragging him toward the row of cars, just as Onyankopon steps into the street. He’s in blue denim and a green shirt. Every time Levi spots him his shoulders appear broader. As he approaches, he notices coils of silver at his temples. He’s in need of a trim.

“Levi!” he says, and then his warm gaze falls down to River, who remembers and rushes over to Onyankopon. He only comes up to the man’s hip, but that doesn’t deter him one bit.

“I made a cake!” he says.

Onyankopon laughs, “Did you now? Is there any left?”

River turns to Levi, who lifts the string bag hanging from his elbow, the rest of the cake sitting in the purple tin inside. “You never said you were coming back.”

“A surprise,” Onyankopon says. He holds open the back door to his car and River climbs inside, presumptuous with their friend’s good nature. “Apologies. I should have written.”

“No, it’s okay,” Levi bats a hand, shocking himself at how nervous surprises make him these days. “But I haven’t made your bed up. You’ll have to help put the linens back on.”

“There’s no problem with that. Come get in the car, Levi. We have plenty to catch up on.”

 

The three of them help sort out the stables for Onyankopon’s stay when they get back home. Levi is still a little unsure that it’s suited. He offers River’s bed up to his friend, knowing his kid could sleep with him, but Onyankopon gives him a firm look.

“You’ve been out of the field too long,” he says gently. “The fact there’s a warm bed with fresh linen is more than I’ve had in months. I’m well suited.”

Levi frowns, but accepts it. His friend has a point; Levi’s spent the last five years sheltered, sleeping in a bed with a soft mattress and homey comforts. “If you’re sure.”

Levi puts River to bed early, pleased that his son has tired himself out with a day of excitement. They barely make it through one page of the book before he’s snoring softly. Levi spends the evening with Onyankopon, drinking the sweet liquor that his friend brings as a gift, the taste cloying on his tongue as he listens to how he’s travelled over the last year.

“Food resources are scarce in many of the camps. It’s hard work, Levi. I can’t lie,” Onyankopon says, as they sit in the living room, as they used to. “But I’ve been flying more, working across trades lines, bringing in aid where I can.”

Levi’s fingers twitch, the stubs tingling. How he wishes he could help. He’s of no use anymore, but he wishes…he wasn’t made to be sitting on his ass, fumbling around in a tearoom.

“You’ve played your part, Levi,” Onyankopon says, understanding. “You have a boy to raise. And you’re doing an excellent job.”

“I don’t know,” Levi shrugs. The liquor is sweet and cloying, and affects him more than he remembers. “River’s starting to ask questions…my scars, why he has no siblings, why it’s just the two of us.”

“Who his father is?”

“Not yet. I have a picture of Erwin in my room, a gift from Historia. I suppose he sees the blond hair, the blue eyes. He didn’t get those from me.”

“I’m not sure five-year-olds are that aware of such things, Levi.”

Levi disagrees, shaking his head. “He’s a lot like him, in a way. His curiosity for life, the knowledge he’s desperate for. He doesn’t like books unless I read them to him and he isn’t old enough to realise I’m not exactly the world’s best reader. Isn’t it weird? Maybe I’ve fucked him up along the way. He’s better socialised, at least.”

“You won’t have fucked him up. I think curiosity is natural in young children. Maybe it’s a good thing you see Erwin in your son. Hange held him in high esteem. I only wish I’d been able to meet him.”

“I know how they talk of Erwin on Paradis, like some matured hero. Like for one moment he would think the twisting, angry people they’ve become is anything like what he stood for.” Levi’s fingers ball up. He thinks of Erwin, how everyone misunderstood him until the last moment. No one, but Levi understood, not until the last moment. “Someone should write about it one day. Make the world see what he was like, and not this warped bullshit.”

“There’s you. You could write about it. About your experiences together. Hange’s too, and all the others who you lost. There’s no one else to remember them now.”

Levi thinks he could talk about it, maybe. In ways he hadn’t been able to previously. He could borrow Gabi’s typewriter, but Levi doesn’t know how to use them, and wouldn’t know where to begin.

“Maybe,” Levi says, noncommittal. “What of you?”

“All of us have changed; Yelena is getting better. I think the physical work… the rebuilding is helping over overcome her grief.” 

“She’ll know if she sees River. She’ll know he’s Zeke’s.”

“Even if she did, I think the trauma of her feelings for him would render her incapable of understanding.” 

Levi grunts, lifting the last of the alcohol to his lips. “And you? I asked about you.”

Onyankopon laughs. It’s a warm boom in the darkening room. It’s nice having an adult voice back in the house. 

“I feel like I have my spirit back, along with Mother Earth. The trees are sprouting, the produce is giving a return, families are healing. Life is returning.”

“Yeah. I would like to help, one day,” Levi admits. “Finally do something other than sit on my ass.”

“You’ve become a pillar of this community. A father.”

“Someone tried to make me their wife.”

Levi tells the story of Aron and his longstanding crush all in good humour, and Onyankopon laughs along. By the end of the night, Levi feels more like his old self than he has in years. Onyankopon is one of the few who still sees him, who knows him from before, when he’d been useful.

“It’s funny,” he says, when Onyankopon stands, ready to find his bed in the stable. “Seeing you again… it makes me feel a bit like I was before. I don’t know if that’s possible, if that even makes sense.”

“It makes sense. And I’ll take it as a compliment.”

 

The next morning, Levi trims Onyankopon’s hair, letting the silver coils fall around his shoulders, clipping him down to the skin. He neatens his style up as best he can and then lets him take River down to the stream to give Levi a break.

His mind has been trailing back to the night before, and the idea of all the stories of all the people he’s known. People deserve to know about those who sacrificed their lives long before the Rumbling happened. He can’t tell their stories yet, but he can respond to those he once knew, and who he’s so often ignored.

Levi sits at his kitchen table with sheets of letter paper. He lets the pen fall to the page without stopping, letting the words flow before he can stop himself.

Hey Armin

Sorry I didn’t respond to any of your letters. I needed time away from everything.

I’m sure you’re aware of why I’ve been so distracted these last few years. My kid is five now. Not that it means much to you, but kids of his generation, they’re born in these brand new times. He’ll grow up on opposing sides to Historia’s kid and they’re barely months apart. I think about that a lot. I think she does too. She came to see me once and our kids played together for an afternoon, unaware of their shared history. I hope whatever plans you’re making with the Alliance work out for both their sakes.

I know you’ve been working hard and leading, but I hope you’re living your life too. No one wants an insufferable stick in the mud, Armin.

You always worried about living up to Erwin, and later Hange. You aren’t either of them, and that’s okay. I don’t think this new world would have been as kind to them. I hear you’re making plans. I hope returning to Paradis goes well for you. I don’t think it will be easy, but you know that.

Take care kid

Levi

He’s written and rewritten the letter five times before he’s ready to send. He’ll take it down to the village tomorrow, ready for shipping. Hopefully Armin gets it before he travels back to Paradis, but it’s out of Levi’s hands. He just wants the brat to have one thing from him.

He’s thinking about tending to the garden, or sweeping the courtyard between his house and the stables outside when he hears his kid laughing excitedly, Onyankopon’s voice, and another scattering sound as well. He wanders back into the kitchen just in time to see his kid come running in through the door, blonde hair a tangled mess around his shoulders. 

There’s a creature with him. A big shaggy creature with grey and white fur, a long snout, and ears that stick up. Levi steps backwards, catching his hip on the edge of the counter.

“It’s a dog!” River says, and the dog howls along.

“Yeah…” Levi knows what a dog is. Remembers the feeble kind they used to get underground, trained to fight and then cast out when they had no use, ribs protruding. The one in his house has a thin band of rope around its neck, and missing fur where it’s rubbed away. The sight is familiar.

“He’s my dog,” River says, and Levi doesn’t know if this is something his kid just thinks, or some manipulation tactic on his part. Levi presses his lips together. He crosses his arms. He looks down at the scruffy mutt, who starts whining nervously.

“Explanation,” he demands, when Onyankopon rounds the door, looking sheepish.

“River found him tied up. Your boy’s good with animals. We fed him some cake, and he took a liking to it… I can take him to the village, see if there’s anyone looking to house a new dog…”

“No, you can’t!” River says, his big eyes turning wide. “He’s my dog.”

“Tch.” The dog’s hair is wiry at least, so won’t shed everywhere. Levi will need to bathe him and scour the coat for fleas and other bugs. “You’ll have to help feed him and walk him. He’ll be your responsibility.”

Levi bathes the dog that night, with River sitting cross-legged on the floor beside him, Onyankopon visiting the tavern on the edge of the village. The dog is surprisingly tame, doesn’t show his teeth or gums even with his tail tucked between his legs. Levi washes him down, ignoring the scent of damp fur. Some knots come loose as Levi works them between his fingers, and his eyes shine brightly once Levi gets the tangled fuzz out of them.

“He needs a name,” Levi says, looking down at River. He drains the water from the bathtub, but gets caught in the crossfire when the dog shakes his coat free of. River squeals in delight before turning to look at Levi. 

“You name him.” 

Levi grouches but he looks across at the dog, grabbing a large towel from the pile to wrap around him, rubbing him down in a way that has the dog’s tongue lolling. Levi’s never had to name a pet before. You didn’t get attached to animals Below, not unless you were Isabel.

The name comes to him, much as River’s did. Scout. He looks determined, but useless, like the cadets did when they first arrived. He smiles the next morning, half tripping over the dog as he cuts up meat and pops it into a bowl on the floor of the courtyard. His tail wags as he pads over, licking Levi’s wrist before devouring the food.

“I feel I might be in trouble,” Onyankopon says, all smiles with his strong coffee when Levi limps back into the kitchen. Levi isn’t mad at him, not really. It’s hard to be mad at the one true friend he has left.

“Not too much,” Levi says. “Maybe a dog is a good thing.”

“Not sounding too convinced, Levi.”

“I used to be good with change, and now I’m like this. I’m so..” he pinches his lips together. River comes rushing in from outside, the lolling dog behind him, belly full. “There go my two scouts.”

They spend the warm days walking down into the village together, Onyankopon filling Levi in on life outside of his insular existence as they drop River off at school. Levi has a child to raise, and a broken body, but he’s desperate to do his part. He doesn’t feel lost, but his friends will be forgotten soon enough, and he struggles to find the words when they flash before his eyes. The Alliance never saw them as the humans that Levi did.

River enjoys showing Scout off to the villagers, and attempting to train him into doing tricks, which don’t work all that successfully. Falco helps him train a half-hearted sit from the dog, and that’s enough to impress his kid.

 

Levi still tastes blood in his mouth when they get back to the barracks.

Erwin is gone. Erwin is dead. Levi left him to rest in an empty house, somewhere lost to Shiganshina, his cloak over his pale face, his hand gentle over his chest. It’s a betrayal. It’s a betrayal to leave him out there. It’s a betrayal that he couldn’t kill the Beast.

“I need to bring him home,” he says to Hange. He can hear the sluggish tone in his voice. His hands are shaking as he sit beside them in the infirmary. They’ve frozen up like a corpse. Like Erwin was. They lost Moblit. The back of Levi’s throat is tender from retching and when he swallows it aches.

“I have to lead us now,” Hange says. “You understand that? In the choice you made. Erwin was our best shot.”

“Erwin was done,” Levi says, and his teeth chatter, clipping together. “I wasn’t going to turn him into a devil. We need to find the basement. We need to…”

“Soon,” Hange’s voice is quiet. “Give us a few hours to mourn. Then we’ll go back out.”

“I’ll kill him,” Levi promises. He means it. He’ll slice the man out of his fur, he’ll crush him to pieces. He’ll do what he needs. Those few precious years ago, Erwin had decided on Levi as his weapon, and he’ll put himself to use, even if it kills him.

“You truly believe you made the right choice? Erwin trusted you beyond anything. You think this is what he wanted?” Hange is repeating themselves, over and over.

“There was nothing left that he wanted beyond finding out the truth. That’s not enough to keep going. I did him a kindness,” Levi says. His hands are shaking now. He pushes them between his knees, sitting in the chair opposite their bed. “He was done.”

“Moblit wasn’t, and he’s gone,” they say, far off. “There’s no one left but the two of us now. We’re the only ones left to deal with this. Can I trust you to keep it together?”

“Yeah.” Levi nods his head. “Yeah, you can trust me.”

 

One day they’re all down at the stream together and Levi finds himself trying to talk about Erwin to Onyankopon as River plays above them in a tree, Scout keeping a watchful eye on him at Levi’s feet.

“Our relationship wasn’t…” Levi struggles with the words even now. He lets one hand fall into Scout’s fur, eyes always up on River, climbing the gnarled tree higher. “That last night he said he wished he could’ve loved me. He didn’t have enough left of himself to give to me, but he was ready to go. The only thing holding him together was the idea of finding out the truth, that his father was right.”

“About what?”

Levi’s lips pinch into a smile. Onyankopon doesn’t know these things. “He knew of the conspiracy that kept us locked in the walls. It got his father killed. He wanted answers, but he wanted to die. I know he was ready. I can’t regret the choice I made. I have to live knowing that things might have been different for the rest of the world if I’d saved him against his wishes.”

“Enough. You can’t live your life thinking things like that.” 

“Maybe,” Levi says, not really agreeing.

They spend the next few weeks in this beautifully strange companionship. Platonic, but not brotherly. Familial, but not entirely. Levi remembers their first conversation in this house, when Onyankopon admitted Hange had asked that he take care of Levi. He’s good at it, Levi hasn’t any real complaints, even if the idea of someone looking after him sets his stomach to flip.

Onyankopon keeps River busy when he isn’t in school. He helps him climb trees to higher branches, or paddle in the stream, or walk the dog when Levi’s knee plays up and he can’t join them. 

Scout takes to Levi, during the times it’s just the two of them. He climbs onto Levi’s bed during the day, rolling onto his back when the sun shines in through the window, snoring loud enough that Levi hears him through the walls. The old Levi would be horrified; would chase the hound from the bed, but he thinks of how Scout was when he first met him — with the thin rope around his neck, the fur rubbed raw, and those panicked eyes so desperate for affection. He hasn’t the heart.

Levi takes a seat beside his sleeping dog, listening to River and Onyankopon playing downstairs. He’s been thinking of Erwin a lot recently, since he tried explaining his relationship to Onyankopon. Defined by his inability to define it, to understand Erwin’s affections. He’s drawn to the photo he has of him by his bed, the portrait painted so early into his Commandership. He doesn’t let himself think too hard about Erwin would have a portrait of him by his bed, if things were reversed. No point. Erwin would still be dead if Levi’d died before him. No way around that.

He has an idea though, something he’s been too embarrassed to do before, even when his brain has skirted over the idea of it a few times. He grabs a pen from the dresser and some paper from his dresser. He puts his pen to the paper, and just as he did with Armin, he writes.

Dear Erwin

You’ve been dead nearly nine years. You’ll just be bones in the earth now, but when I think of you, you’re still so full. I remember how your cheeks turned red when you drank too much. The slope of your nose in profile and how it always set my breath to catch. I can say this to you now because you’re dead and it won’t hurt. It wasn’t the kind of shit we said to one another. Always worse things out there to think about.

You said you wanted to love me and I never really knew if you meant you didn’t, or you stopped yourself. I think it’s the second one. I sleep easier believing it’s the second one. I think I was worth more than a weapon to you. I think you loved me, you were just closed off to the sensation.

Sorry I had sex with Zeke in the fallout of everything. It wasn’t ideal. How funny. You don’t even know who Zeke is. Or maybe you do. Maybe you saw him floating around in paths. Were you there? Did you see Eren? I still don’t know what to make of it. I was a rusted old weapon by the time the final battle took place, but I was finally good on my word to you. I killed Zeke.

I shouldn’t be full of apologies, but I’m a changed man. I ache all the time. I have a limp that becomes more obvious in the damp weather. I have a dog. You’d have liked a dog. This one smells, but he has spirit. He sleeps at the bottom of the bed at night and I don’t feel half as lonely. 

You said I was worth having a whole man. You were a whole man to me, but I couldn’t fix you. I couldn’t make you better. I couldn’t be enough to make you stay. I’m at peace with that these days. In some other world. I would have liked to share this bed with you, and this life as well.

Sorry, my writing is bad. Gabi has a typewriter I could have borrowed, but I like the pen. It’s soft, silent. I enjoy watching its permanence dry on the page. It reminds me of you. Everything reminds me of you. My son reminds me of you, and he isn’t even yours. Isn’t that fucked?

I had a violent uncle, but I don’t know what it’s like to have a father. You looked up to yours, Zeke betrayed his. I want to do right by the both of you as I raise him. I think you both deserve that, and River deserves the world. You have no idea what my son means to me, Erwin. I would trade anything to have you back, but not him. He’s the future you couldn’t think of, and that I won’t be around for. I love him.

It makes me sick being full of apologies, but maybe I need to get them out. Once I’ve got all these words out, maybe I’ll be able to heal a little more. I think I had the same sickness that Mikasa did with her love for Eren. We both ache. That side of the disease hasn’t left either of us. We’re just learning to grow around it. 

Your death was violent, but I hope you found peace in the end. I hope you could forgive your father. I hope you could forgive me. One day I hope… maybe one day, we’ll see each other again. I wish you could meet River. He’s always asking questions, you’d know all the answers.

Yours 

Levi 

Levi’s face is damp when he finishes, and swollen still by the time the ink has dried and he’s folded it into the envelope. He holds the square in his hand for a moment, the front blank and unsigned. He’s not going to post it; the man is dead and Levi isn’t insane. He paces his bedroom, Scout whining on the bed, waking up from his deep slumber. Levi turns and faces the portrait Historia gave him those years back, sitting inside its glass frame. He picks it up gently, unsnapping the back of the frame. He slides the letter inside it, pinning it between the portrait and the back. Hidden, but kept with the man it’s for.

He supposes one day this letter will be found, maybe by River, when Levi’s long gone; when he’s aged out of climbing trees and laughing at the sound of his voice on the wind. Hopefully, this will be enough for River to realise why Levi is the way he is. 

 

“I think we could have been happy together,” Levi says, because he’s drunk and thinking about the letter later that night. Scout is snoring at his feet and River is in bed. It’s just Onyankopon sitting in the chair opposite, like it has been for the last month or so. “If things were different. If he was different. We could be settled. Dog. kid. This kind of life, maybe.”

“Would you have had a kid with him?”

Levi doesn’t give it much thought. Some far off fantasy had always seen him with children, but not ones born of his body. He’s blocked out most of what it was like when he was pregnant. Never again. “I wish I could share this with him.”

It’s the thing that keeps his chest aching at night, when he stares up at his blank ceiling, the room so dark he could be back in the barracks if it wasn’t for the soft pillow beneath his head and the rumbling sound of the dog asleep at the bottom of the bed. Still, he thinks about it. That he has a bed here, big enough for two, while Erwin rests an entire ocean away beneath the ground. 

Onyankopon’s brown eyes glisten and Levi feels embarrassed. He forgets to ask about his life, too. This isn’t what he’d wanted either. Maybe he had someone before it all.

“I didn’t or I wouldn’t have volunteered,” he says, as if understanding Levi’s train of thought. “But I had family and friends, and I lost most of them.”

“We all know each other’s pain,” Levi agrees. “You guys are the longest friends I have that haven’t died. That’s fucked, right?”

“Yes, that’s fucked.”

“So, how long are you sticking around for? You’re never normally back this long. Not that I want rid. It’s nice not having to depend solely on a five-year-old for company.”

“There’s a scheme happening down at Salta—” Levi feels the ice roll down his spine at the mention of such a place. “Teaching a new generation of pilots. I want to get back into it and Falco has asked to join me.”

Levi nods his head. He feels sorrow for himself, for the idea of his friend leaving again, and then for Gabi, who he presumes knows nothing of it. Levi doesn’t know the extent of the relationship, but they’re still joined at the hip, still rarely see one without the other being brought up in conversation.

“I think Falco plans on telling Gabi soon. He’s as smitten with her as he was when he was a child, but he wants to do this,” Onyankopon confirms, but he grimaces all the same. “I just hope I’m not there when he does it.”

 

River is surprisingly placid one Sunday morning. He’s never placid in the mornings, he’s usually a whirlwind of hair and mis-matched clothing, desperate to go outside, but today all he wants is to cuddle up against Levi. Onyankopon has headed down into the village to meet up with some friends and it’s just Levi, his kid bundled up into his side, with their dog at their feet. River is tracing the space where Levi’s two fingers used to be. When Levi twists his head, he can see the frown on his kid’s face, like he’s trying to work it out. 

“Lost them in a fight,” Levi says gently. Fighting your father will come later. He’ll have to know, eventually. Levi wants to be honest, but not to his detriment. He’s only five.

“S’okay, papa. I have enough,” he says. Levi’s chest warms at the words.

There’s a loud bang at the door, which makes them both jump. It slams open and closed. Levi recognises the clumpy footsteps; there’s only one person who ever enters his home with such forthright anger. 

Gabi stands there in the doorway, her brown eyes red, her fringe clumped together. She must have marched her way up the hill. She has so much rage in her body that Levi can almost taste it on his tongue. 

“Falco’s leaving!” she says, distressed. He watches her bottom lip shake between bites. “He’s leaving.”

Levi settles River onto the couch, eying up Scout, who he knows is determined to get on the couch whenever Levi’s back is turned. He’s not even closed the door when he hears his son giggle and the couch groan under the weight of the dog. 

Levi makes hot cocoa on the stove and pours in a glug of the liquor that he’s been drinking with Onyankopon most nights. She needs something harder to calm her doown. He busies himself with it while she sobs at the table. He knows there aren’t many people that she would do this in front of. 

“So you and Falco? You an item?” he asks, pouring the drink into one large teacup and pushing it over onto the table. She wraps her shaking hands around it and then looks over at him all coy. She doesn’t suit coy. 

“We’re not—” she starts and then shrugs. “He’s been everything to me since we were kids. He loves me. He’s already told me. He says he’s doing it so we can have a better life together.”

Levi nods his head. He’s never been that good with words. “So he’ll come back then?”

“But what am I supposed to do? All I was ever good at was fighting. I was the best candidate, but that won’t be remembered.” She looks down, frowning. “I know I shouldn’t want to be remembered for that, but otherwise, what else is there?”

“I only ever knew violence,” he says, and catches the disbelieving look she gives him. “I was born in a brothel to a mother barely older than you. I watched her die. I was picked up by a man who raised me to fight, and I had to fight every second of my childhood to make sure I didn’t end up the same way as my mother.”

“Is that why you started looking like this? Like a man?”

Levi laughs. “No, brat. Kids are equal opportunity down there. It doesn’t matter what gender you present as.”

She nods her head. “Then I started a gang with my friends, and we fought for our own space in that dank place. Then I came above and I fought for freedom. I fought titans, I fought threats, I fought a kid I’d mentored. I fought everything until I ended up like this.”

“You killed Zeke.”

“I had to. It was the last thing Erwin asked of me.”

She nods her head like she understands, but he suspects she’s playing along. “I want to help rebuild. When the time comes. I want to fly away with Falco, and we can plant trees across all the nations that we helped destroy.”

“That wasn’t on you.”

“Feels like it. And I fought in wars long before Eren Yeager came along. But I don’t want to be here without Falco. Not ever.”

“Well, you won’t be alone,” he says, but he knows what she means, and he feels it a little bit too. Having Onyankopon around makes Levi feel a little less like some housemaid with a kid. 

“Try not to regret your past too much,” Levi says. “Or it will just haunt you over and over.”

“Do you regret what you did?”

“What bit?”

“I know Zeke’s his dad,” Gabi says to him. Her eyes are a little less red now she’s calmed down. She’s still the same as she was at twelve, so much bravado hiding her naivety. Her hair is a little longer, but still tied up in the same mess. Her features are less round, and she’s grown into her eyebrows. “We were warriors, Levi. Did you think we never saw photos of Zeke as a kid? River looks like him.”

Levi is stunned for a moment, such an obvious oversight on his part. Of course she’d seen photos of Zeke as a child, of course she would have worked it out. Beneath the bravado and gusto, she’s always been a smart kid.

“Did he know?” she whispers, and he shakes his head. Too many confessionals have silenced the ability to speak on it. He gets flashes occasionally, Zeke’s hand on his stomach as they move together against the tree, the brush of his hot breath against the back of his neck.

“I would’ve been mad back then if I had known, but now I just feel sad. I don’t understand it. Why he did what he did to us… to Falco…to Colt.”

“Zeke was as destroyed by the beliefs of the men around him as the rest of us. It led him down a path that was different to anything we’d ever understand.”

“He wanted the Eldians to not have kids,” she says. “But he helped make a kid.”

“I don’t think he realised it was a possibility, and I don’t think knowing would have changed anything, just like his affection for Falco and Colt changed nothing, either. He was a man almost out of time, working toward his life’s goal. He’s not the only man I’ve known like that.”

“Erwin? Who you promised to kill Zeke for because you loved him,” she says, scrunching her nose up. “You have his picture by your bed. The Commander.”

“You’ve been in my bedroom recently?” Levi narrows his eyes, ignoring the teasing tone of her voice. Her defence is lazy, like she knows she can get away with it.

“Only when I needed the bathroom.” She doesn’t sound that convincing, but Levi shrugs it off. What’s it matter now? Not when she knows the whole truth about Zeke and doesn’t hate him for it.

“You’ll be fine without Falco for a while. He’s learning to fly his planes, and you’ll go to your typing classes and then you’ll both be ready to move on at the same time.”

She nods her head, taking a few last sips of her hot cocoa. Bringing Falco up again has the teasing look disintegrate from her face. She just looks crestfallen.

After a little while, Levi makes sandwiches for the three of them and they sit together in the kitchen, with the dog begging for scraps at Levi’s feet. River is full of questions for Gabi, mostly awkward like why she was crying, but she argues she wasn’t and then spends the rest of the afternoon chasing him in the courtyard, Scout blundering after them. Levi cleans the kitchen, his shoulders softened.

 

 

A few weeks later sees Levi in the haberdashery store on a break from the teashop. He wants to knit River a sweater for when the cold really settles in. He’s come a long way since the first sad blanket he knitted him, and he likes how it keeps his hands moving.

Gabi still works there a few afternoons a week to help pay for the typing course. She’s glum, but that’s no real surprise — Falco leaves with Onyankopon tomorrow. He’ll be gone the rest of the year, learning how to fly, growing even more into the gentle and serious man he’s become.

“You remind me of Isabel,” Levi says, approaching with the yarn he pulled down from the shelf.

“Who’s Isabel?” Gabi looks up behind the counter. She inspects the bundles of green yarn in his hand before looking away.

“She was my friend. My little sister. We lived underground together.”

“She died?”

“Yeah, not long after we came Above.” Her death haunts him still, the way her severed head stared up from the dirt, green eyes un-looking. “She was feisty. She got in a mood when she didn’t get her own way. Like you.”

“Like you’re one to talk, Captain Levi.”

“I’ve been thinking,” he says ignoring her. “You need to practice your typing, right? Outside of your lessons?”

“Yeah. Falco says he wants me to write him letters on it, but what’s the point? It’s not like he won’t know what I’m doing.”

Levi tries to pick his words as he stands opposite her. He feels settled. Somehow the burden of Gabi finally knowing what Levi did with Zeke has him breathing lighter, has him no longer afraid of facing certain things.

“With Onyankopon leaving for a few months, how about you move into the stables? My mobility is shit in the winter, and you could walk River to school with Scout, and still get the bus to your lessons.”

“What do I get in return?” she puts her hands on her hips as he opens his purse, counting out the money for the yarn. It’s become more expensive over the last few years, but he keeps his complaints to himself.

“I want you to use your typewriter for me. I’ve got shit I want to say, but my writing ain’t that good and I want—I think I need to tell someone. Get it out.”

“You’re only saying that. You’re just trying to cheer me up because Falco is leaving.”

“When have I ever been the person to cheer others up? Look, the truth is I want to tell their story. I’m the only one that knows it. It’s not like he’s a great lover of books, but I want River to have the memories and knowledge of all the people I’ve known and cared about, and the two men that make me work to raise him as best I can.”

“You promise not to get mad if I prod too hard?”

“I’ll get mad,” he shrugs. “But you know me. We can deal with each other’s moods.”

“My mother will be mad if we fight too much. She says I only started swearing when I we met you.”

“Well, you guys shouldn’t have dragged me around with you. Stuck me in a cottage and then never let me leave.” The corner of his mouth twitches, just a little bit, and her brown eyes sparkle back.

“Okay. Fine. I’ll move in and tell your stories.”

 

Gabi moves into the stables three days after Falco and Onyankopon leave. She arrives with a suitcase, the heavy briefcase that holds her typewriter, and a dense fruit pie from her mother. “She says you don’t know what you’re getting yourself into.”

“Maybe not.”

Gabi is surprisingly good company. When Levi’s aches play up, she takes River and Scout for long walks, and plays with the two of them on the floor. She’s not the tidiest, but she does her own washing, and replenishes his pantry, handing back the change when he asks for it.

They don’t mention the reason she’s moved in for at least a week. Levi sits and knits, and realises the shade of green for River’s jumper is almost identical to the capes they wore. The warmest thing he’d ever owned. They eat simple dinners together — sometimes Beate shows up, clearly missing the chaos of her daughter at home, though never once mentioning it.

Gabi comes back one afternoon, dragging in her typewriter and dumping it onto the table. Levi watches her, but says nothing, taking a seat opposite as she ties her hair up. He’s suddenly nervous, fiddling with his teacup.

“So we starting with Commander Handsome or the Beast or something else. Keep it tasteful though, Captain. I don’t wanna puke over the sordid details.”

He thinks about it for a few moments. “I’m not just gonna tell you about those two. They’re important for River, but there’s so many others that shape up the person and life that I’ve lived… So many more people I lost.”

Hange, Mike, his squad, all those scared soldiers he would have died for if it had meant anything. Isabel and Furlan, who he sees in Gabi and Falco more and more, whose names and stories he’s never been able to tell anyone.

Kenny. The ruinous bastard, and everyone else underground where he grew up. All the people whose stories will die out in a few generations. Paradis won’t keep a decent enough record. They’ll all be lost, forgotten about after another decade.

“Earlier,” he decides. A face fixes in his mind, the shape of elegance. His fingers slip around the teacup. No one knows of her, or the memories he has. He’s kept them locked up, hidden away.The things he’s remembered that he’s tried passing down in his own parenting. “Let me tell you about my mother.”