The endless days in the forest blended into one another, much as the trees above his head did. Zeke marked the days apart with short lines in the front of his novel every sunset  Forest life was tiring and the company dour. The little Ackerman stuck to him like a ferocious little guard dog. He rarely spoke, barking neat little orders to his men, before scowling again at Zeke at every chance.

Zeke had decided early on to not take offence. It made his own fear of Levi a little easier to manage. It gave him a chance to study and reflect, to work out the best way to deal with such a strange creature.

The Captain’s green cloak shrouded him like a leaf and made him look smaller among the rest of his men; the way they had to bend their heads down, how they circled around him. The tall stretch of trees didn’t help either. It was a strange sort of sight, an anomaly.

“You’re very tiny, Captain. Did they not feed you at all?” Zeke said when they stopped for camp. The Captain’s men had long disappeared up into the trees, but Zeke could hear them murmuring away like nocturnal birds drunk on the wine. It was a balmy evening, pleasant almost. Zeke could feel the heat sticking beneath his arms, and his scalp irritated with sweat. He scratched at it to soothe the ache, recognising the Captain’s burning gaze on him while he did so.

“Some people are built different,” Levi shrugged, his shoulders hunched beneath his cloak. He was holding his tin cup in his strange manner, sheltering the top with his palm. Zeke stared at it and the dainty tilt of his wrist. “I think I’ve already proved I can take down your titan. You think size has anything to do with that?”

“It’s a little absurd. Although angry little complexes aren’t unusual in men of your stature. Or your status. Perhaps I shouldn’t be surprised.” He had been dismayed when when Reiner and Bertholdt first shared Levi’s status with him. Paradis’ most formidable soldier with the highest titan-kill count was an omega. A bonded omega, at that. Another one of the island’s outlandish strikes for survival.

Marley never allowed soldiers of O status into the army, not even Eldians, so Levi’s status had been a curiosity to him. At home, the warrior candidates could only be Alpha, which culled any prospective interest when the status tests came in at aged 9. All candidates were sterilised after their first ruts to stop any unfortunate incidences with their inherited weaponry.

For what it was worth, he had thought little about Levi’s status over the last ten days. It was an off-putting quirk, but Zeke wasn’t a traditionalist and it was low on his agenda about why Paradis was so pitiful. They didn’t know any better. They hadn’t had the outside knowledge to implement anything else.

It wasn’t until later that night, when a faint whiff of something sweet drifted on the balmy air, that he even recalled the little Captain’s status further. He scrunched his nose, breathing deep. Familiar, but unrecognisable until it hit deep in his chest. He blinked his eyes into the direction of Ackerman, sitting hunched on a felled log, his canteen clutched on his lap.

It was rare to scent a bonded one despite the intense training he’d had on it. Zeke didn’t have the best nose for them and it was rare; they weren’t savages on Marley, and perfumes washed away or masked such scents.

Zeke looked up towards the men in the trees. All betas with a nose even weaker than his own and half asleep, with bellies filled with wine. Zeke’s stomach flipped, and he held a hand to it lightly before his concentration settled elsewhere.

“If you don’t mind me asking, when was your last heat, Ackerman?” he said lightly, shifting his hand from his abdomen to pluck his glasses from his nose. He wiped the lenses, looking over at the Captain.

The Captain looked back wearily. He didn’t look all that different to normal. Just as dour. There was a little colour in his normally blanched cheeks, the suggestion of a rising temperature. 

“You wanna ask me that again, beast?” Levi said. He was drinking tea. A cheap blend, taken black. Zeke breathed in a little deeper. The tea had a slight medicinal note, an undertone of something beyond the plain leaves.

“You’re going into heat,” Zeke said. “Unfortunate timing on your behalf. Do they not have aids for these kinds of things? I never thought to ask Eren.” 

“Watch your shitty tongue,” Levi said, but Zeke noticed the way his hand clawed around the metal in his hand. “Whatever you think is happening isn’t. Keep your mouth shut and we can keep the peace, understand?”

“Certainly, Captain,” Zeke said, sliding his glasses back onto his face. “But do be careful. I’m an alpha, I’d rather not have to see you through a heat. Even if it makes for a more interesting evening.”

The Captain stood up, placing the canteen down. He walked over to the pitched tent, the one he sat and watched Zeke sleep in every night. “Go to bed.”

“But I haven’t finished my chapter,” Zeke said, eyes falling to the closed book beside him. This close, he could scent the rose-sweet waves radiating off Levi, even if the Captain was in denial. One look at Levi’s face had him recognising that this wasn’t a night for a fond back and forth. “Very well, Captain. I do hope you’re able to keep on top of things.”

He stood up with calm even movements, stepping close to Levi before ducking his head to crawl into the small contained tent.

 

The Captain was in a foul mood the next morning, barking orders at his men, kicking his boots through the crumbling remains of fire’s ashen embers. The only actual difference, as far as Zeke was concerned, was in how the sweetness permeating from him had been abated somewhat. Levi must have relieved himself in the few hours’ sleep that Zeke got. Mostly, he smelled of the strong mint tea he had drunk at dawn as they packed up their belongings and moved deeper. Zeke kept any other thoughts to himself as he stretched his arms above his head, keeping his distance all the same.

Why they had to keep moving, Zeke wasn’t sure. Perhaps so he didn’t gain any familiarity or any kind of advantage. Every so often he paused as they moved, several soldiers ahead, Ackerman’s blade digging into the fabric of his coat.

“No need to ruin my clothes, Captain,” he said, turning. Levi scowled, half his expression hidden beneath his black hair. “I need to take a leak.”

“Piss against that tree,” Levi said, nodding his head to the closest tree. Zeke nodded, expecting Levi to follow, surprised when he didn’t. Perhaps he didn’t want to get too close to Zeke with his cock out, all those confusing pheromones befuddling his fogging brain.

Once Zeke finished, their walk continued, and he occupied himself by thinking of Ackerman. Such a sullen man, with such a plain youthful face you’d never know of the violence that lived barely beneath the surface. He tried to imagine someone taking him on as a bondmate — mating him, claiming him, and coming away unwounded.

Well. The Commander was dead, and on Ackerman’s word, too.

After hours of walking the meandering path through the trees, they appeared at a place that the Captain decided was worthy of camp. A break in the dense trees with a space large enough for tents and a decent sized campfire. Not two minutes away was a small stream, deep enough to stand in knee-deep. For a half hour, Levi left his men in charge of Zeke while he disappeared towards it. Amused, Zeke remained on his best behaviour, watching Ackerman’s men gather around, pulling wine and stored food that tasted more stale with each passing day.

Once the Captain returned, his scent was stronger, his lips even more down-turned than normal. Zeke stood up, looking around at the soldiers, but they only broke their conversations with one another to nod their head towards their Captain.

When the men finished eating, Levi dismissed them to their places in the trees. He took a seat opposite Zeke, staring at him for a few seconds, his tongue sliding over his teeth as if trying to free food stuck between them. There wouldn’t be any. Zeke had noticed the Captain’s appetite had shrunk over the last day or so.

“As a warrior, my ruts have been subdued. No need to worry about anything untoward,” Zeke said, raising his hands in a show of good faith. Ackerman’s eyes narrowed toward him, arms folding in towards his chest.

The Captain stared at him with those molten eyes and for a moment; they appeared wider, the tug of his brows folding inwards. “You say that with such ease.”

“Well, you are aware of my thoughts on the matter,” Zeke said. “Or do you need reminding? In your state, I wouldn’t be surprised if it was hard for you to keep up.”

“Watch your words.”

“You’re welcome to take my blanket tonight, Captain. I know nesting can be a much needed part in the lead up to a heat. Unless you packed extra.” Zeke smirked, watching the way Levi’s fingers curled over his own knees.

“I’ll slice the tongue from your mouth if you continue, Yeager.”

“But you wouldn’t want to risk a transformation among your men, surely? I’m needed alive, after all.”

That shut the little Captain up, but didn’t lessen his glare. How exhausting it must be to hate someone as much as he hated Zeke. Truthfully, Zeke feared Ackerman, but he didn’t hate him. He didn’t hate anyone on this island. They didn’t know any better.

“You’re not the only one,” Zeke said, sipping his own tea as Levi poured himself one from the pot sitting over the fire. His special blend of tea again, the one no one else drank from. “—Of your kind.”

“What?”

“What I mean to say is, you’re not the only omega Ackerman. Only one behind the walls, but not the only one in history whose powers awakened.”

“Do you think I’m insecure about it?” Levi snorted. He leaned back, staring at Zeke from his seat. He wore his uniform, he wore his thick green cloak. He was covered except for his pale face. It made him look smaller, though Zeke knew he was no less threatening. “You don’t know shit, Yeager, so sit your hairy ass in that chair and don’t talk to me.”

“Very well.” Zeke hadn’t realised he had stood up again, approaching Levi. That scent of his… barely hidden now. He blinked and leant down, picking his book up. He glanced at Levi, staring at him through his blonde eyelashes. Ackerman was staring down at his mug, frowning into the steam.

 

The Captain was more cantankerous with his men than normal the next day, rationing their supply of the tainted wine, complaining that they had eaten through too much of the stored food and had kept him awake all night with their songs and laughter. He was fussing, and Zeke watched his men silently brood, shooting expressions over his head at each other. Zeke sat and listened, good as gold.

Levi cleaned the camp. Repackaging the crates, cleaning and oiling his gear. He didn’t seem to notice how his behaviour had differed from previous. Normally he was sullen, but ordered. Now he was fretting, the dark circles beneath his eyes turning waxy as he perspired under his still movements. Zeke watched him, he had little else to do.

Zeke stretched beneath the awning of the giant trees, under the careful watch of Varis as Levi disappeared to the lake once more. Maybe to clean the rags in his hands, maybe to touch himself.

The thought wasn’t as unpleasant as he first realised. Levi had an odd face, but he had a nice body. Compact. It would feel nice beneath his own. And his smell, that rich tea-stained rose scent he’d been slowly emanating, wasn’t nearly as unpleasant as he’d first thought.

Oh.

Zeke blinked the sluggish lust from his mind. When had the Captain become Levi to him? When had he allowed such lascivious thoughts of anyone to infiltrate his mind? It must have been Levi’s heat, the approach of it. Zeke had spent such little time in the presence of omegas that even one as aged and bonded as Ackerman was having an effect.

After another thirty minutes, and after only a little persuading, he convinced Varis to allow him to seek out the Captain by the lake. Aware of Ackerman’s foul mood, Varis swiftly left the two of them alone.

Levi sat on a sun-bleached rock, his shirtsleeves rolled up, the straps of his gear still tight over the white fabric. Zeke rolled the ankles of his trousers up and slipped from his shoes and socks, dipping his toes into the water. He sensed Levi’s eyes on his back, but didn’t turn to face him.

“I know it was the will of the first king behind the walls to repopulate the Eldian’s as much as possible. It was why he was so free with his desire for omegas to be such breeding machines for the nation. Were you aware of that?”

“Yeah, shit was said a few years back,” Levi said, and at this, Zeke turned. Rarely had Levi engaged in conversation. “I was exempt because of my military duty.”

An offering. An in to a conversation. Zeke turned in the water to face the Captain. He’d drawn his feet up to his chest and wrapped his arms around them.

“Eren never knew how you and the Commander came to bond, though I was interested. An odd choice for the Commander of the Survey Corps to make, no?” The only sound around them for a moment was the noises of the forest, the trickling wash of the stream, the birds high in the trees.

“I needed papers to come above,” Levi said eventually. He was staring out at the water, the blankness of it reflected eerily in his eyes. Zeke could see the pains he was taking to hide his affliction, the way his hands clenched in his lap. He could scent him too, the sweet sadness leaking from his pores. “I didn’t have papers. I didn’t exist as a person, and they would pair me off with whatever rich fucker they thought would breed me best. Erwin was the best option available. He made that plain for me to see.”

Zeke hummed in thought before vocalising. “He forced you to consider him your best option?”

“He was the only option that wouldn’t turn me into some fat knot-bred puppet.” Levi spat onto the rock beside himself. “That wasn’t something Erwin was interested in giving me. He had a different cause, a different need for me. I appreciated it.”

“The closest omegas get to most other nations is as bedwarmers. The used up ones, at least.” Nasty business, if Zeke had any opinion on it. Between Levi’s age and bond-status, they would consider him the same.

“I hear they sterilise freely.” Levi’s eyes flickered to Zeke. “Though I suppose you’d to support that.”

“My idea is to stop all Eldians having children, not just omegas,” Zeke said. “I am a little disappointed, though. I had hoped for a more romantic story for you to tell me. That it was all business? Not quite the fairy tale.”

Levi hissed, like the back-alley kittens left to rot alone. “He bit me, claimed me and I hated him and it was mutual,” Levi said. “Then it wasn’t, and that’s all there is to it. Then you killed him.”

“I’d consider it more suicidal.”

“Yeah, we all had our part to play,” Levi said as Zeke finally stepped out of the water and a little closer. The scent of him played out so nicely in nature, and he couldn’t stop himself from drifting closer. Levi didn’t look happy, but he didn’t move away either. Instead his hand slipped to the inside pocket of his shirt, pulling out a small drawstring in bag. He handed it over.

“What’s this?” Zeke said. The pouch was warm from where it had been resting against Levi’s body. When he tugged it open, the familiar scent of Levi’s personal tea leaves filled his nostrils.

“After I lost him… when I made that decision, they locked me up for a couple’a days. Don’t know why I’m telling you this shit, but I am. They locked me up and they let me go crazy for a bit because that’s what we do when we lose our alphas and whatever. I pulled myself together and then they gave me this tea to drink. They said it would stop any heats. Hange said there were better options, but we never had a chance to look into it.”

Zeke took in Levi’s words and then handed him back the pouch. “There is better medication in Marley. I might even be able to access it.”

“You wouldn’t do that for me.”

“No, not as a personal favour, but perhaps a mutual shared deal. Maybe if you allowed me some time with Gabi and Falco, if not Eren.”

“Not happening,” Levi said, he stood up. He shoved the pouch into his pocket and stepped back. His scent changed briefly. Zeke had never picked that up in an omega before. Still, he took a step back at the same time as Levi. Who knew what sharp implements he had on him, and Zeke had clearly ruined his mood.

 

 

The next night, Levi’s scent was stronger than ever. It permeated in the surrounding air, suffocating Zeke’s senses, and ruining his concentration. All thoughts outside of Levi Ackerman burned away like the morning mists.

Levi had sent most of his men further ahead as they camped. Said their chatting with one another was giving him a headache and he needed time to think. Zeke had thought it a little strange, but he wasn’t going to try anything too foolish. When he called upon the titans, he would need them close to swallow up the power of the small Captain.

“Hmmm. It appears the tea has stopped working.” He pointed out, licking his finger and turning the page of his book. It practically fell apart in his hands for how dogeared the pages had become. He longed for a cigarette, but he’d log finished his supply. “And you’re a bonded one. It’s supposed to be dulled.”

“Yeah and you smell real fantastic too, beast.”

“We could talk about it if you like,” Zeke decided, closing his book. “I’m a little tired of my book, and your scent is making it hard to focus on anything else.”

Levi stared at him. He had a soft sheen of sweat building over his face, casting him in an eerie glow. “Speak, then.”

“Your men are all betas. I noticed that,” Zeke tried. He had thought frequently about how trickier things might have been if they’d been able to sniff out Levi’s inconvenient heat cycle. “Do they have trouble taking orders from an omega?”

“You think that’s how people see me?” Levi growled, eyes heavy, lips pressed thin. “Erwin bought me above ground. He gave me a last name before I learned my own. He did that and allowed me to be my own goddamn entity. He forced people to see me as something more than the place he stuffed his knot at the end of the night.”

“You really are crass.”

“You fucking asked, and what is there to say?” Levi said, pushing his fringe back from his forehead. He sat hunched over like his stomach pained him, his cheeks flushed even in the shadows of the moonlight.

“Tell me how it feels to live without your partner.” Zeke leaned his elbows onto his knees, focusing in on Levi’s face. Levi's scent needed something like his own to rub against. Zeke had the odd desire to roll his nose against that slight nape, to claw his hands around his hips. He swallowed, and pulled back again, just as Levi’s black eyelashes fluttered before closing. A long sigh escaped his mouth, his shoulders sinking with it.

“People act like a bond, or love, or whatever can get you through anything, but I could feel it in our bond that he was done. He didn’t have anything to give me. He was desperate to find out the truth within Grisha’s basement, for justice to what happened to his father, but beyond that, he had no desire to live. Loving someone isn’t enough to change something like that.”

“He left you.”

“I let him go. There’s a difference,” Levi said, though Zeke wasn’t sure it mattered, and he saw Ackerman’s fists claw inwards, nails pressing into his palms. “He was just a man. He was tired, and the guilt was killing him. It wasn’t fair to force him through anything else.”

The flatness of his voice fascinated Zeke, how the exhaustion in the tone made it all the more devastating. To not be enough to save someone, not even through a bond.

“I have to say this is one good reason bonded pairs are not permitted in the military.”

Levi snorted. “Yeah, that’s why they castrate you, right?”

“We just can’t procreate,” Zeke insisted, not rising. “Sterilisation is a blessing. It would eradicate the titan curse from the world. There would be no war, no fighting. We’re freeing our children from the burden bestowed upon them.”

“Freeing them by not having them exist?” Levi stared at him, the flush of his face masked by the severity of his expression. His face was a mask of porcelain, but it looked close to shattering.

“I’m yet to hear of any great Ackerman plans.”

“That ain’t my place. I just make sure we execute things — or I did. Now I’m — fuck.” His hands fell over his face, and Zeke continued staring at him. “He made things so much clearer. He made my mind clearer.”

“Outside of Paradis, there are tinctures on sale now, special medicine for people like you.”

Levi’s fingers slipped from their place on either side of his skull, but his head tilted to the side like an inquisitive cat. Panther-like. “Like me?”

“Omegas that have lost their bondmates. It soothes the ache. Makes it easier to function, apparently. You forget the bond. I don’t know too much about it. Obviously, no Eldian is entitled to it, but maybe being an Ackerman would help you. You’d be a prized possession.”

“Yeah, well, anyone that takes that shit doesn’t know a goddamn thing,” Levi said. “Why would I want to forget? Even misery is better than not remembering.”

Zeke was at a loss for words around that. He didn’t even want to wind Levi up in the state he was in. Something sour tasting stained the back of his throat and he swallowed it down uncomfortably. Coughing and hitting his chest with the curl of his fist.

They were silent again, and it was uncomfortable. Levi stood up and stumbled on unsteady feet. Zeke was almost too embarrassed to look and so he closed his eyes to the sight as Levi cursed. He was pacing, which didn’t help the way his scent was drifting closer and closer to Zeke. Rose had never been such a pleasant sent until now.

This was not ideal. He wouldn’t even transform at this rate. Not that the plan was ready, not that he could take down Levi by himself. He wasn’t confident he could win, even in the faltering state Ackerman was in.

“Escaping will do nothing for you. I’ll find you. I always will,” Levi said and Zeke peeled his eyes open to the sight of him wet, almost shaking. Humiliation pinched at his features, as if he knew that his body was floundering, that his resolve would crumble soon after.

“Dynamics don’t interest me, but I’m hardly going to leave an omega alone in the forest. Not one as important as you.” Zeke rolled his tongue over his teeth. He pinched the arm of his thin glasses between two fingers, squaring them neatly over his face. The scent had him wanting to spread his legs a little wider, puff his chest out. He could feel those instinctive postures trying to pull out against his will. 

Levi stood up. He shook his head from side to side. His fingers clawed up into his palms and his spine curved slightly, as he covered his abdomen with one hand. It was pale and stark against the black of his uniform. Despite the breadth of the forest, Zeke felt like he was enclosed. That they were both caught beneath the same trap, 

“You need an alpha to knot you,” Zeke pointed out, trying to ignore the clouds pulling in at the sides of his vision. Levi’s scent was changing, alluring him. Dark roses, a bitter undertone; flowers left to rot.  

“He’s dead.”

“Well.” Zeke rolled his shoulders, chest puffing. “I won’t be able to take the edge off like he could, but it’ll be better than this.”

The little Captain turned and slammed his boot into the trunk of the tree. Mossy bark and bracken fell to the earth in a brush of brown dust. There was a certain sweetness to omegas that Zeke had found off-putting in the past, and while Levi’s sweetness was dulled in the way bonded ones were, but his mouth still filled with saliva.

“My goal is to bring down the beast titan,” Levi said. “After all is said and done.”

“You’re going to try, I know,” Zeke said lightly. He leaned forward as Levi took a step away. He was having to drink down copious amounts of fluid coating the back of his throat. Levi must have noticed, because those pools of molten silver narrowed further. 

“Levi, neither of us will achieve our goals if we continue. So… an overnight truce. Just to get over the snafu of your body’s unfortunate timing.”

“No one can know,” Levi said. He was crouching, and he was flushed, and Zeke tried not to crawl on his knees to press his nose against his crotch. Like a dog. He wasn’t the dog out of the two of them. It was preposterous. He’d turned into one of those alpha knot-heads. Those animals with procreation as the endgame. Weak creatures. 

“I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but I have few friends to gossip with, Levi,” He pointed out. “Though I have less of a reputation than you to lose. If we’re chalking these things up with one another.” 

“You’re not my alpha. I don’t have an alpha.” Levi’s voice was softening. He didn’t sound like the fierce little Captain that Zeke had grown accustomed to in the forest, the formidable Captain that Reiner and Bertholdt had told him of; the stories that Eren blabbed. “You’re not him.”

“Hmm…I would prefer to do this on a bedroll,” Zeke said, turning his head to the side to look behind him. “It’d be easier on the knees.”

He was sitting in front of the tent he slept in, the same tent that Levi guarded every night. This time he waited for Levi to walk past him; it was more of a hobble than a stride, as if the heat dripping between his thighs was becoming too much.

Zeke had knotted before. The beauty of his fate as a warrior meant he had the freedom to do so without the consequences. Those few nights shared on a bedroll with a failed candidate. She had been pretty enough, milky skin and freckles. Large breasts. Alpha, but she had taken his knot between her thighs. Her cunt had been spectacularly wet when he'd played with it after. She had cried afterwards, when sent home to her parents, the failure of her success heavy on her shoulders. Zeke had felt more relief than anything else.

Zeke trailed after Levi, loosening the buttons of his shirt as he did so. He rolled the tent flap down in the cloying space, the heady scent of Levi’s unspooling heat flooding the confined area.

“The first heat after widowhood is not meant to be pleasant,” Zeke warned. He slipped his light jacket off, letting it drop to the floor. He watched the way Levi’s breathing pick up as he unclasped his own belt, sliding it from the loops of his trousers.

“First heat after widowhood?” Levi snorted, bending down to lie out his green cloak. It was worn in places and patched together at the thinnest parts. Zeke had only ever seen it wrapped around the little Captain, but now he noticed heavy the hemline was; taken in with neat stitches barely visible.

The Commander’s, then.

“Can’t be any worse than first heat. Or going into heat in the middle of the summer in closed barracks. Or having to call Erwin away from a meeting in Mitras because I need his fat knot to keep my head on straight. The humiliation that comes with any of that shit.”

“Hmm. Appears a heat loosens one’s tongue.”

“I’ll slice yours off if you think of speaking a word.”

“Fussy little Captain,” Zeke unbuttoned his shirt, desperate to finish the Ackerman. Still, he was doing more than his own little brother, who had the girl one nipping at his heels for attention. He watched as Levi’s eyes grew hazy as he bared his chest. “Fuck.”

Levi clawed his way over to him. His nails dragged up over Zeke’s chest, raking through the hair that grew there. He did it once, twice, three times. Leaving red lines in his wake with every movement. “He was hairy, too. When we first met, he used to shave it. Made him stop. He was vain, but he didn’t like to think it.”

Levi’s face pressed against him. His mouth was wet and open. He could bite, he could chew his way through, and rip his heart out. Ackermans couldn’t take on a titan, but that probably wouldn’t matter to Levi. He was a savage dog, after all.

Levi pushed away from him, like he suddenly remembered where he was and with who. Then his head twisted from side to side. He fiddled with the fastenings of his white shirt. The Captain was a small man, and it was even more obvious as his bare skin revealed itself. He was knotted with muscle packed on over thin bones. He had lived a life of war, and it showed on the scars littering his body. The red imprint the ODM gear left over his body.

No art or literary depictions of omegas showed bodies like Levi. None that Zeke had seen, at least. They were soft, sheer. Like milk. Like something delicate. Something to be fondled and caressed and plucked only when ripe. Levi looked worn in. Zeke wondered if he’d ever had that classic look to him.

“In Marley they have places set up for bond-widows. You can close your eyes and sit back and go through your heats. They match scents. Voices. Expensive, not for Eldians.” Zeke spoke and his chest tingled from the drag of Levi’s nails.

“Not even honorary Marleyans?” Levi’s voice dripped with a low poison. How he was capable of it in his current state, Zeke didn’t know.

“Honorary Marleyians do not need to settle down. To bond,” Zeke said. He looked away as Levi pulled his boots off, his socks, his underwear and laid down gingerly once naked. Zeke’s eyes traced over him. Between his thighs was a thatch of neat black hair, damp and clumped with how slick oozed from him. 

This was sterile. This was Zeke’s only experience with an omega’s naked body. Levi wasn’t typical. He was scarred all over. Burn marks and faded stab wounds that turned his flesh pink and shiny. Long-faded scars that settled beneath his pectorals. Eren had never told him of that. Perhaps he didn’t know. His younger brother hadn’t shown himself to have a huge amount of insight.

“How would he touch you?” Zeke asked, eyes finally landing on Levi’s face. His brows had tugged inwards, his bottom lip worried between his teeth. “If you close yours eyes, perhaps it won’t be so bad.”

“You try anything stupid, you know I’ll end you,” Levi said. “This ain’t some truce.” 

“Where did he touch you?” Zeke tried again. Oh, he was getting lightheaded. The sweat that pooled on his face made the metal frames of his spectacles slide down his nose. He pulled them off and placed them on the ground, away from the cape Levi had laid himself out on. 

“My stomach. Lightly with his fingers. Like I was a cat,” Levi said. He closed his eyes. Zeke raised his hand just lightly. He held it over Levi’s stomach, taut and rippled with muscle. Only a light dusting of hair. Heat radiated off him. He rested his palm down, feeling the sensation pulling behind his own navel. “Lightly.”

“Okay,” Zeke said, pulling his palm upwards so just his nails could scrape down Levi’s body. He shivered, so Zeke did it again. Levi’s face tightened, his knees drawing upwards. His teeth pressed together, his full mouth split wide. He looked pained even as he sighed into the touch. 

Zeke couldn’t say he knew what he was doing, but he moved his hand lightly, sometimes higher near where Levi’s chest lifted and then lower, past the hollow of his navel, where he could feel Levi burning with a liquid heat. 

“I think this will go better if you talk me through this,” Zeke said, fascinated. He thought about how it felt to be torn apart by Ackerman. The very Ackerman, who, despite the muscle, was compact and delicate. Abrasive but vulnerable, even now. Zeke had a burning desire to bury himself inside him, to tear him apart and fuck him, and die together in some kind of unpoetic justice.

An omega. Not his, but nothing was ever his. The titan hand-me-down from the father that hadn’t been his. The father he had, drifting off on his own mission, creating life and love with a son he cared for in ways far beyond what Zeke had ever meant to him.

“Our first time, he thought I wouldn’t know what to do.” Levi said, pulling Zeke back. His fingers slipped and his palm splayed over Levi’s firm abdomen.

“Tradition suggests the omega be pure before bonding,” Zeke said. He’d read the books on research around Paradis, the customs that Eren had told him about. 

“No such thing as a pure omega when you’re born in the rotting underbelly. You think you hit thirteen without an alpha sniffing around? Nah, I’d been around. Still let him mount me over the desk. We got it done in forty minutes. Then he was getting back to paperwork while I cleaned the junk from his bedroom. Made it smell right.”

It was hard to think when Levi was giving up so much so quickly. “He knotted you in his office?”

“He was just a captain back then,” Levi said. “Move your hand again.”

Zeke did as he was told, gently clawing Levi’s stomach with his nails; the tips of his fingers. Levi’s hips rolled upwards. Zeke stared briefly at the pale expanse of his body. Levi was sweating a little, and it made Zeke’s fingers glide a little easier.

“I liked it best when he used his fingers on me first,” Levi said. “Mine were never big enough.” Levi’s fists clenched at his sides, but Zeke could see despite the elegant length of his fingers, they were thin; not much use to an omega. 

Zeke trailed his fingers down the length of Levi’s abdomen; through the thatch of dark hair between his legs. He skirted his fingers through it. It wasn’t nearly as unpleasant as he first had suspected. There was something enticing about having an Ackerman spread out beneath his hand, as unwilling as it was when they were lucid.

Levi’s slick was thick and copious, coating down the insides of his thighs, and pooling beneath him. It helped part Levi’s eager folds, Zeke barely had to push to press his finger inside, where he was warm, and so soft.

Levi groaned at the sensation. He was tight. He squeezed Zeke’s finger like he wasn’t sure if he was trying to reject it from his body or suck it in further. “I bet the Commander had to do this to you to get you to behave.”

“He liked this more than me. Loved having his fingers in a sopping cunt. Sometimes, when he was stressed, I would lock the door and have him play with me. He always sucked his fingers afterwards.”

Levi’s own words were having an effect. His nipples pulled up, peaked and pink. His mouth open wide and wet. Zeke could feel the stirrings of his own body betraying him. The way his cock pulsed within his trousers. He might have been chemically altered to not feel the precise effect — this might be someone else’s used up omega, but the sensations were nice. Levi’s words were certainly effecting. 

He slipped two fingers into Levi, thrusting them lazily. “Tell me more.”

“Why?” Levi asked. “Why the fuck would I tell you?”

Zeke moved his fingers out, even though the need to shove them further, tighter, harder, had him burning. Levi whined. He shifted down the cloak, trying to chase Zeke’s fingers back inside him. Zeke permitted it — this time, he even tucked his ring finger beneath the other two, sliding them inside. 

“Fuck.” Levi’s arms lifted over his head. Dark hair stood sparse and stark beneath his arms as he arched into the touch. Zeke shifted his fingers around and around, up and then down. Levi’s warm, wet, pulsing cunt, the sopping centre of an omega, grabbed hold of him. He wanted to bury his face in the heart of him. Wanted to use his tongue, and then his cock. Someone else’s omega. All used up. Take it. Use it. Knot it.

“Did he love you?”

“Shut up.” Levi’s words lulled. He was losing himself to the sensation. Zeke spread his fingers a little, his other hand moving to rest on Levi’s stomach. This was an awkward position for him and his wrist ached a little. His own cock was leaving an obscene damp patch against the beige of his pants. He could hear his own breath, wet and staggered. “Erwin.”

“Zeke,” he reminded Levi, whose eyes flickered to him, frustrated. “Just a reminder.”

“He loved me,” Levi said, lost again. “We fought that last night, we fought, and I drank, but when I returned, he stayed in me the whole night. We could never do it like that normally, not unless it was the off season — ahh. Please. Please, I need more. This isn’t enough.”

Heat was turning Ackerman talkative. There was nothing spoken that could be used much against him. Nothing that would hurt anyone but Levi in the long run. Was this not degrading enough? To have three — no, four fingers buried into his heat-soaked cunt and still leave him begging for more.

If he had bonded to an Ackerman, to this omega Ackerman, then Zeke would never have left him. Not like Smith. He would have pulled all the research that he could out of him, and he would have done what he could to survive. The idea of putting any form of life within the Ackerman was both off-putting and impossible, but thinking of the product made between royal blood and an Ackerman set his heart a flutter.

“A fool,” he said beneath his breath, pulling out his warm, wet hand. Zeke looked down at the strings of slick coating his digits, pruning the pads of his fingers. He wondered. He thought hard. He tucked his thumb, looking down the length of Levi’s body. He was flushed all over, his thighs splayed, he was panting, his belly rising and down. His arms crossed over his face, blocking his eyes from Zeke.

Zeke tucked his thumb and place his other hand on Levi’s pelvic bone as he curved his fingers. It took a little easing, but Levi’s body gushed wet, and soon enough his fist slipped inside. The whole of his hand inside the Ackerman. He was warm, so hot on the inside. Soft in ways his outside was never.

Levi was keening. He was panting. Like a dog in the summer heat. One of his lean arms slipped down to feel where Zeke’s wrist protruded from his body. 

“Like a knot,” Zeke said, remembering schoolyard conversations with his fellow alphas. How this was what omegas did with partners when they wanted to stay pure and unknotted. He rocked his hand back and forward. “Like he would knot you.”

“He would,” Levi babbled. “On top of me. Always on top of me. Pinning me. Erwin. Er-win.” 

“Zeke,” he tried, as it was his fist inside Levi. He curled his fingers up and that pulled a tight grunt from between Ackerman’s lips. He howled, his feet planted on the ground, and he pushed up. It almost hurt. Almost. Zeke felt the strong clutch of Levi’s hot cunt pulsing around him before he loosened. Like a long sigh, Levi’s body finally unclenched. He’d finished and Zeke was dribbling in his trousers. He had to keep swallowing to keep the saliva from flooding his mouth.

“I want Erwin,” Levi said, and he suddenly sounded small. Zeke kept his fist inside for a few more minutes, listening to the Ackerman fall into a strange little state. Fugue. Listless. He wasn’t all that lucid. 

“Betrayal...betrayal.” 

“I agree,” Zeke prodded. “It’s betrayal to leave an omega. To bond to not care.”

“Cared. — he cared.” Levi pulled back into reality, his silver eyes turning bright again. Zeke slipped his hand from his body. Zeke was tempted to lift his hand to his mouth, to taste him, but he resisted. He wiped them down on his soiled trousers. He tried to catch his breath as Levi slowly slipped back into reality. 

“It won’t have worked properly,” Zeke said when Levi looked at him. “If you’re in heat. You know that, right?”

Levi sighed. He squirmed. Zeke’s hand still felt warm from how he’s stuffed it into Levi’s sopping cunt. 

“You want to stick it in me,” Levi said and it was a statement, not a fact.

“I never much understood the appeal,” Zeke sighed, “Though we have discussed this, haven’t we?”

“Yeah,” Levi sat up. He pulled his knees into his chest and looked so small it was almost easy to forget he was a war machine. An assassin. That Zeke feared him. “It’s not the same.”

“Hmm.”

Zeke’s cock was aching. He knew it was obvious on his face. This was degrading for him too — to want to pop a knot into the vicious little Ackerman. It would turn his stomach if he wasn’t so enticed by the scent.

“Was it two ways? The thing between you.” Zeke started on his belt, sliding the metal from the leather. He was almost afraid to touch his pulsing cock for the ache. For the way he knew he wouldn’t be able to stop the whine in the back of his throat.

“Fuck off.” But Levi was turning over. He was moving around on the rumpled floor of the tent, the bedroll doing little to support his knees. As he did so, Zeke caught sight of the bite-mark on the base of his nape. The impressions of an Alpha’s teeth staking its claim. Zeke wondered what it tasted of; wondered if anyone else had seen it but him and the former Commander.

“If you do it to me, will it work?” Levi grunted. “Will the heat subside properly?”

“Well, either I do it or you’ll need to give me some privacy because this certainly won’t be going down by itself,” Zeke said, pinching the bridge of his nose and titling his head down to his lap. “This is honestly not the plan I had for my time on Paradis.”

“You think I did?”

“Well, you’re far more experienced in the archaic mating practices of this little island than I am, Captain.”

“When you talk like that, you just sound jealous.” Levi’s voice was husky, and he was slipping under again. Zeke could feel himself getting dragged along as well. He wanted to find that sopping wet core, wanted to break through it with his cock, spread him open around the fat width of his knot. Lock him in and under.

“Jealous?” Zeke snorted, vision blurring, but he turned his head, breathing deep over his shoulder. God, he was burning up; he’d experienced one rut. He remembered little with clarity, just the panting misery of it. 

Still, Levi continued, “You’re truly unable to produce?” 

“Before you’re given a titan, they give you a shot. Kills off any chance of reproducing. Recreational knotting, if we so desire, is achievable, of course. Which suits you fine, Levi. Don’t you think?”

“Would it stop this?”

“Heat has scrambled your brain, truly. We’ve discussed this. It won’t be like it was with your alpha… whatever that was that like.”

“Savage. Like animals. Then calm. Like too much and then nothing. He would cover me. Press me down.” Levi’s voice became muffled as he pressed his mouth to his forearm. Zeke caught the flash of his teeth sinking down.

“I’m not your mate. I can’t offer the pheromones he could, but I can take the edge off. Fuck you back to sanity.” Levi was quiet after Zeke’s final offering, just the wet sound of his breaths against his arm before he finally spoke.

“Fuck the mess out of my head.”

Levi was already shifting, turning over onto his knees. “I’ll deal with the consequences when I have my goddamn head fixed straight again.”

“Consequences? I’m not planning on telling anyone, Captain,” Zeke insisted. He felt the slow tickle of sweat dripping down between his shoulder blades. “This is not something I’m going to be proud of.”

Zeke stared down at him, watching as Levi moved onto all fours. Oh, so he wanted to be fucked like an animal, too. Zeke had no complaints about that. He wouldn’t want to go slipping his tongue into that poisonous mouth if they were face to face. His eyes slipped down, measuring Levi’s ass. It was small, but rounded with muscle. He could see the slick trail of wet dripping down between his thighs, and the way they shook. It made his ass tremble.

“There’s a tin in my pack. Give it to me,” Levi said. Zeke hummed, bending down at where Levi’s small pack was leaning against the edge of the tent.

The tin was faded, a label that had long worn off. He wouldn’t need any kind of lubrication, and he hesitated before unscrewing the lid. Upon sniffing, it was some kind of pomade, for hair more than anything else. Levi’s hair hung thick and loose over the shaved parts, shining with no kind of product.

“This is a pungent scent,” Zeke said, perhaps lavender. Something native to the island. Something used to perfume hair. His conversations with Eren suggested such purchases would seem prudent, and Levi was the most prudent of them all. 

Levi didn’t respond, but splayed his knees further. The dripping wet of his core flared, and the scent coated the inside of Zeke’s nose. He looked over at his shoulder at Zeke, the upturn of his small nose coming into profile. Zeke wondered if the Commander’s favourite position had been this. “Undo your pants. I’m not putting my mouth on you.”

Zeke didn’t take offence. The constriction of fabric against his cock was becoming more an irritant than anything else anyway. He loosened the waistband and shoved the material down to his knees, and sighed at the sensation of his cock.

He held himself in his hand for a moment. His cock was heavy, hot in the palm of his hand, and leaking copiously. The moment had sprung upon them and he had held the sinking delirium away for a good while, even with his teeth gritted.

“Bend over for me so I can get a good look, Captain.”

Levi muttered something, but his thighs shook further as he spread again. He was a machine. Zeke had been on the wrong side of his blade, but it wasn’t unmarred perfection, and his skin showed the life he’d led in war.

Zeke untwisted the cap on the tin and dipped two fingers into the half finished pomade. He wiped those two fingers beneath Levi’s ear, and then over the protruding scar. It sat neatly at the base of his neck. Lower than Zeke had seen in other omegas, but it kept the mark well hidden from the rest of the world. Something private. When he touched the scar, Levi shivered, his shoulders raising as he fell flat onto his stomach.

“Erwin,” he said, and Zeke gritted his teeth, handing over the tub. Levi grabbed it, scrambling up onto his knees again. There was something poetic about fucking a man to the scent of his former lover.

“You better goddamn pull out before you finish,” Levi said, though his voice was wet and not all that strong.

“I’m sure you’ve said that to all your lovers,” Zeke wiped his fingers off and leaned over to push at Levi’s shoulders. “I can’t do that if we want this fixed. I need to knot you.”

“Fucking beast,” Levi said, but when Zeke shoved at his shoulders again, his entire upper body lowered itself down, his back arching, his knees spreading. The scent of lavender was cloying, but Zeke stroked himself to the sight of the body splayed out in front of him.

He rocked his cock into the snug fit of Levi’s cheeks, padded with muscle and soaked with where he’d been gushing. The rub of his sensitive head against the dripping slick made him lightheaded. The slide and sensation of skin on raw skin had him gasping, but the body beneath him tensed. Zeke watched as hands scrambled to the blade resting in front of Levi before he retreated.

“Get on with it.”

Zeke sighed, holding back a laugh. Levi’s ass was the perfect slide for his cock, but he would feel even better inside his cunt. Zeke grasped his cock, leaking a little, and nudged the head of it further down, where he was swollen from Zeke’s own fist.

Levi’s body split open around him, kissing him with wet heat as he parted. He was made for this, after all, and it was a dizzying thought as his body sucked Zeke up, wrapping his cock in his tight warmth.

Levi’s body was so slick and Zeke had to swallow back the nausea of fucking through a heat. The idea had never much appealed to him, even less so when it was an Ackerman. But his cock gorged itself on the heat, filling a body built to take the breadth of him. He’d never had any desire, but now his hands clutched at the body beneath him, driving in deeper.

Levi’s body was not sweet or inviting, but still, Zeke spread his knees a little further and snapped his hips forward into Levi’s body. He let loose a grunt, a cuss. The wet squelch of his body was loud with every thrust. Zeke peered over his shoulder to see the tin of pomade clutched in his hand.

What Zeke would give to have some shared ownership of him. This hadn’t been enough for the Commander, but it would do him fine until death. He moved his hands down Levi’s compact body, his skin puckered and seared into. Zeke wanted to put his mouth on them, to taste the rippled skin with his tongue.

Zeke pulled out, hands gripped around Levi’s waist. He watched how his thick cock revealed itself from the wet sheath of Levi’s body, glazed and hot, before he tucked it back inside. Levi’s cunt was so tight, but then the Commander had been dead for a handful of years now. He fell down over him, hand slipping around his abdomen. Levi was all muscle except low here, where the soft tender skin of his low stomach flinched as he pressed a hand to him. This close to Levi, his nose slipped to his nape, where he smelled the strongest of that specific scent, was almost enough to have his teeth flashing. To sink them in, to reclaim.

“How could he leave this behind?” Levi shivered as Zeke’s nose brushed against the bite on his neck.

“The fuck you saying?”

“You’re very good,” Zeke said. He fucked harder. The cloying scent of lavender and rotting rose filled the musty tent, and he felt Levi shudder in his arms. “Were you good for him?”

Levi didn’t respond. Whatever filth planned on rising from his throat seemed to die in a choke. He pushed back into Zeke’s thrust, the clap of his ass slamming into Zeke’s groin. The tight fit loosened a little, with the sweat, with the way his body was built to take. He was a dog, a violent war dog beaten over with scars, and right now he was melding beneath Zeke’s touch.

Zeke still burned with the memory of what it felt like to have Levi tear him apart. He was completely on top of him now, covering the whole of his back with his chest. Zeke’s hand slid over Levi’s. It was small, pale. There was no resistance as he bent his fingers to fit into the spaces between his knuckles. He smothered him and fucked into his body, feeling the sweet shiver against his front. There was a tug from the fear, from the eroticism of Levi’s body, not built for softness, but feeling the heat and life of him, anyway. 

A child borne of him was a frightening thought. Stronger than him, stronger than the two of them. It was impossible between the two of them, and that soothed Zeke, but if Marley were to get hold of him, if they could even try — 

Something deep in Zeke’s chest pulled. Was it close to yearning? It ached all the same — the thought of Levi being his. His omega, not some dead alpha’s throwaway. Would it matter that he was already bonded? It could be done. Omegas were surely more interesting when older, overused. Levi still had… he still had something about him and his body moved so beautifully beneath him.

Zeke’s mouth slipped to the warmth of Levi’s neck. His teeth dragged just lightly before a hand flew back, nails dragging into the side of his cheek, just above his beard. 

“Watch your teeth, Yeager.”

“Fuck.” Zeke’s vision clouded. He sat up on his knees again so he wasn’t pressed on top. He looked down at where their bodies had joined, where he was feeling the building heat between them.

Steam blossomed where Levi’s nails had ripped into his skin. He watched the way Levi’s eyes stared at it. It would take more than a little slap to have him transforming, but it changed the atmosphere.

Zeke could feel the shake of his body, the shudder of his breath. There ought to be something pathetic in fucking a man sobbing after someone else. To know he was being used as a replacement. He dragged his cock out just to watch the way Levi’s body shuddered, the way his cunt gaped around nothing, the tight furl of his asshole, slick with his own dripping slick. 

“I’m going to knot soon,” Zeke said. “It’ll bring down the fever, but please don’t behave irrationally about it. Keep those sharp nails to yourself and we can get back to death threats and filthy looks by tomorrow.”

“I’m going to goddamn hell for this,” Levi responded, turning over. His eyes were red, his cheeks flushed. He scrambled around, pushing Zeke down. It wasn’t so comfortable like this; the bedroll did nothing for his back and Levi was heavier than he looked. Zeke scanned his body. Scarred more here. Down his chest, and not just the two beneath his pectorals. One scar low on his navel, another across his hip. His body contorted strange with the muscle, like he wasn’t built to hold that much strength.

Levi made quick work of feeding Zeke’s cock inside of him again, sitting down heavy and wet. Zeke stared up at the creature on top of him. This Ackerman. This violent man that was taught nothing else but savagery.

“In some other life, perhaps we would have been lovers, friends even,” Zeke said. Levi had a pretty face. His cheeks round, and a pointed chin and soft lips. It betrayed the brutish violence he’d seen him in.

“Told him I’d kill you and I will. Don’t think for one minute that I won’t, you goddamn piece of shit. I’ll condemn us both to hell for this.” Levi flashed his teeth, his cheeks running with the tears dripping from his eyes. His teeth were a little crooked, a slight gap between the front two. His eyelashes clumped together. Zeke drank in the sight of him. He’d never looked more alive.

“Not the wordsmith, are you?” Zeke said, but Levi was a warm hot vice around his cock. He lifted his hips, hands fixing to the narrow bite of Levi’s hips. He rocked down. Zeke stared at the scars across his chest, the scars over his body. 

“Don’t talk,” Levi’s eyes squeezed shut. 

“Are you thinking of him?” Zeke wondered. Think of me. “I don’t blame you. I hear he was quite the man.” 

“Just shut the damn hell up,” Levi said. He pulled off Zeke’s cock, lifting and turning away. The constant back and forth was making Zeke ache, but still he watched Levi crawl onto his hands and knees, chest down on the ground, his knees apart. The perfect position. He looked swollen, but Zeke wanted to fit himself there, to push back against everything telling him it was a bad idea.

All this push and pull had Zeke dribbling, and he held his cock as he lifted onto his knees again. He rested his thumb against Levi’s asshole, feeling the heat of his body as his cock pressed into his cunt again.

A few more thrusts and he felt the buildup as his knot stretched. As it did, the strain slipped from his shoulders. He could live like this, buried inside the Ackerman. It was an amusing thought. A bonded pair that couldn’t be together; widowed omega and sterile alpha, two men who abhorred each other. For how Levi squeezed around his knot. No, he wouldn’t mind it at all.

He would like to fuck his ass and he’d like to fuck him without the lavender scent of another man’s pomade distracting the heavy sweet of Levi’s natural aura. He would like to fuck him and think about life, and all the vile ways they could live beside one another in hate and lust.

Zeke leaned forward through the haze of lust, sweat dripping down the end of his nose, clustering his curls together. His fingers curled into Levi’s black hair, pulling him back. Levi was splayed in an open position and he was weeping, but he moaned against Zeke’s lips when they sucked at his neck. No teeth. 

Zeke started to come, rocking against Levi, pressed and stretched and growing, locking the two of them together. 

“You gave this gift to him, and he just gave you away,” Zeke said. “And you grieve for him.”

“I used to make him knot me,” Levi whispered, raw. His voice was strange. He was keening, beneath it. “On the nights we were back from an expedition. We would bathe and we would be bone tired, and he would have death notices to write, but not until the next day. I would sit on him and make him come, and it would be better. It would clear his head.”

“So you were in charge.”

“He needed telling sometimes is all.” Zeke wished he had a pen to write all this down so that he would know. So that he could write these strange little comments down, and own them.  A part of them at least.

This wouldn’t be the end of it. A one and done. Levi didn’t seem like a quitter, and neither was Zeke. Maybe he could fuck him like this again, maybe get him on his back so he could look into his pretty face, see those fierce, frightening eyes fixed on him. Perhaps a knife pressed between them. Zeke wouldn’t be adverse. Maybe it would be better without the desperation a heat brought on; Levi’s hand a little steadier.

Levi didn’t answer. He was curled up tight, the ripples of his back muscles strong against Zeke’s chest. Levi’s body stretched as his knot locked them down, keeping them together.

Zeke thought more words would come to him, but there was very little that he realised they could say. He ended up resting his head against the bump at the base of Levi’s spine as their bodies remain fixed together. He supposed this must be nice, if you love the person you’re tied with, if you had something other than a sick fascination. 

The body in front of him shook, Levi was still spitting venom, calling Zeke a variety of names than he didn’t much care about, that he’d find amusing if he wasn’t pumping him full. Levi’s hatred was so fixed on him, when he himself cared little.

He grabbed Levi by the biceps, his nails fiddling into flesh, when he realised Levi had no plans to stop wriggling. It tugged his knot, still stretching his cunt wide.


“Go down,” he said, and he used his larger body to push at Levi, to press him down onto the bedroll. “Stop fighting me. You can smell him, right? That damn lavender hair pomade.”

“You’re not him.”

“Just go down.” There was nowhere else for him to go, for either of them, and while the position was hardly easy on Zeke’s knees, sprawled as he was, on all fours over Levi’s body. It was enough. “I’ll pin you down like him.”

Finally, Levi’s cussing turned to keening, turned to whining. Until eventually he was quiet except for a strange panting. Zeke was exhausted from it, he wasn’t sure how much longer he could take in the forest, day and night, with no one but the sour little Ackerman, not when he knew how deliciously tight his wet cunt could get, even if it was for someone else.

Slowly, after his body sank down, he noticed Levi had drifted off. Not through his own desire, Zeke suspected this was his body shutting down, recovering from the knotting, from the weight of an alpha on top of him. 

His knot went down after a time, after what felt like forever, and he moved his hand lightly between their body, slipping it free from Levi’s body. It was hot and soaked in his own spend and Levi’s slick. Fascinating, foul. A relief that came with a good knotting.

He rolled onto his back onto the thin bedroll. Levi’s body no longer appeared strong with muscle and anger, but just small, used up. His scent a little sad. Lavender hung around between them, hidden beneath the scent of sex and sweat. 

Zeke sniffed. The mess was cooling, and he was shivering himself. He looked over at the face of his bedmate. Levi’s cheeks were pink, his lashes fluttered, lips down-turned in his post-heat sleep. He was both young and aged, and Zeke considered how much worse off he was. Bonded, with nothing to show for it but a tin of half-used pomade, and a pink scar he refused to show to anyone. 

He stayed awake for hours thinking of this, breathing in the scent of their fucking, sweat congealing. Soon enough Ackerman would wake up, he would be more himself, the bite-marks hidden, that supple wet cunt of his hidden beneath the stupidly tight uniform. His wounded soul was obvious, but hidden beneath his acerbic tongue. Zeke wondered what awaited them, and how soon it would be before he had to make his next move.